
recently learnt benin empire pictures large organised looked africa today great african civilizations existed egyptian empire northern africa ? evidence empires ? 
southeast asia developed regions world indians culturally influenced people east asia traveled south sea indigenous negritos didn 't kingdoms empires australia europeans colonized papua colonization fact png pretty rest world today 's reason ? sea connected rest asia trade europeans moved forward long time png close sea australia png stark contrast developed ? understand explanation saharan africa separated sahara desert americas separate eurasia north africa region 
america founded end 18th century 5 big towns colonies york boston philadelphia baltimore count million citizens 150 charleston guess reason ? taught school america enjoyed education 
people begin accepting benefits form rewarding payment corporate organizations ? understand trading money situation accept stock medical benefits retirement plans form flat compensation ? 

've found idea trial combat interesting wondering common fairly rare peasant historical accounts americas ? 


understanding major germany starting wwii immense debt losing wwi build military point surprise attack neighboring countries capture quickly overwhelmingly impoverished ? kind military power wwi functional country population decide militant state military ? 
heard song morning hearing years noticed interested started reading wiki pages fiction accurate depictions privateering american revolutionary war read history enjoy college history senior year american history civil war loved back enjoyed history major english major seeking recommendations books jump bedtime reading histories events depicted barrett 's privateers 
find extensive history russia surronding countries soviet union start communisms rise prefer unbearable amount pro american pro capitalism bias 'm nebraska plenty ear 

modern times massive military cemeteries arlington va cemeteries europe ww1 ww2 causalities question people back day 1500 's early 1800 's cared war dead veterans mot care ? 
alexander great write nervous conscious presence beautiful woman ? mark twain talk time utterly defeated battle wits word completely incorrectly ? bruce lee big pasta lunch warm afternoon didn 't couch work find verifiable 'very human recollections 'larger life people ? 
website read lot roman manuscripts 's shut 't find manuscript original greek 's translations appreciated 

interested ancient history mythology kid documentaries 'd read pre history sumer don 't mind 's mythological anthropological start ? 'd earliest humans homonids ? civilizations rituals food astronomy language 

history educate significant events shaped live today wondering start reading inform feedback appreciated 
recently 've love hamilton curious 's historically accuracy hamiltons life schluyer sister stuff ? based hamilton diary events occured ? life make musical ? maria reynolds coming hamilton talking husband ? accurate ? 'm confused 

've facinated studying wwii oskar dirlewanger 36 ss division good history channel specials documentaries subject ? retain information visuals text 
recently acquired book photographs family member passed didn 't photos existed don 't photos 've included approx photos link identify time period location india specific area interesting greatly appreciated [photos unknown origin https imgur gallery nc7rk 
've searching fruitlessly reading list threads find solid grasp warfare east prior dominance gunpowder weapons 's pretty easy find english language books mongol conquests simple find treatises wars india china japan korea european powers started meddling recommendations helpful pointed reading lists topic missed interest pretty prior 1400 
watch videos speeches presidents importance mention creeds 'm stuck wondering played role american history 
've read lot german war memoirs period 1939 1945 common theme lot operation barbarossa preemptive attack ussr ussr invaded western europe 1941 'm aware result nazi propaganda time justifying attack russia 'd interested read reddit thinks 
psychedelic drugs harvested directly nature wondering proof start psychedelic drugs ? people tribes started ? 
japan isolationist country years impacted development language ? modern japanese person read japanese 1400 japan prior western influence ? ancient japan greatly influenced ancient china culture similar ancient japanese writing language chinese ? 
'm make racist possibly people started africa spread food didn 't africans leave leaving made places rates improvement aqueducts rome city states places wasn 't bad idea leave food weather dangerous environment building large cities great maths sciences africans starting build huts racist idiotic didn 't leave africa ? 
european invasion america disastrous people forced christians tribes christianity ancestor 's religion ? 
found house southern part box hidden crawl space recently extremely interested world wars [medallion http imgur haoo2oc side [medallion http imgur rdv3s4k [a pin http imgur murugmn medals ? genuinely don 't [what http imgur wxzibiv [foreign moneys http imgur ey2dtlj items wrapped nazi flag covered possibly blood pic mother wouldn 't wanted destroyed info items greatly appreciated 
'm pick asian history general knowledge sketchy regions southern asia indonesia chinese empires pre unified chinese states japan korea 'm open learning nomadic tribes influence english sources general overview cold war era 'd massive detailed writeups modern politics 
'm curious distinction irish culture religion compared ancient civilizations ancient britain ireland understanding island celts caesar describes differing tribes gaelic region france including celts doesn 't make sense modern conventional celts large unified tribe extending ireland france definitive cultural boundary ireland 'm interested religious traditions personally guys question fantastic 
life began eating hunting gathering order survive today western world eating bond people pass time entertain thought survival point history transition happen reason ? 
interested time period bit ww2 great war watching great war youtube channel wanted books great learning time 
unanswered simple dumb questions history afraid ? today lucky day note questions tennessee prohibited 
dream cast stalin nick offerman trotsky zach woods lenin paul scheer kalinin paul rudd luxemburg amy poehler krupskaya kate mckinnon kautsky christopher guest ghost karl marx reggie watts 
've studying black nationalism research led marcus garvey father black nationalism continued study found people martin delany grandfather black nationalism work difference referred father grandfather wiser understand difference grandfather black nationalism father founded black nationalism appreciated apologies doesn 't make sense 
'm good naval history books emphasis design ships doctrine focused specific battles strategic implications minds people designed commissioned ships books lot technical information context ideal casual read research wwi interwar wwii american japanese navies great interest love read german buildup royal navy recent stuff great recommend russian soviet navies unique position world stage ahead time 
majority information presented post gathered john rigby hale expressed major work lords sea epic story athenian navy birth democracy simply convey interesting historical facts concepts discovered athenian navy golden age 480 bc 404 bc present insights athenian naval society history community foremost cornerstone athenian navy doubt trireme warship monstrous decked machine war reach speeds 10 knots deliver deadly blows ram whilst engaged naval combat myths misconceptions surround astonishing ancient warship major symbols ancient trireme decks slaves chained oars rowing form forced labour simply untrue athenian golden age rowers onboard trireme warship free men employed full time mariners civilian volunteers giving service times war myth mass galley slaves solidified lew wallace ben hur credit rudyard kipling finest story world account exist small band slaves boarded trireme rowers desperation returned victorious port proclaimed free men granted citizenship serving onboard trireme great honour playwrights historians politicians philosophers granted honorary officer ranks athenian fleet honorary officers included statesman pericles historian thucydides playwright sophocles socrates spend short period life onboard trireme records mutinies exist time whipping beating rowers unheard golden age civilians classes serve athenian navy class social structure naval power naturally protected commerce maritime trade helped make athens richest city mediterranean ancient greeks knew building navy undertaking clear political undertones naval tradition athens helped solidify democracy democracy based triremes trireme battles ancient world misrepresented foremost trireme battles fought sight landmass calm waters conditions prime time naval engagement early morning controlling land important controlling waterways due venerability ancient ships trireme high waves rotting triremes required report dry docks evening crew anchor dry triremes battles quick deadly combat broken winds began blow masts sails useless triremes left crew row sea morning discussed importance naval power ancient athens highly recommend lords sea insights topic trireme warfare ancient democracy athenian society 
reading operation wandering soul recently noticed tape called ghost tape number 10 ghost tapes 1 9 ? find information ? 

positive negative light russian people ? united states west rejoiced end soviet union cold war inside ussr happening ? chapter russian history taught classrooms today ? brand hero traitor ? 
wikipedia pages matter fail clarify points thought wondered retreating force present back enemy ? presume impression orderly retreat performed company company mass army holding ground company turn move rear 'm curious order sections army retreat ? units nearest enemy retreat ? units moving battlefield aren 't vulnerable enemy charge ? adequately cover risking loss covering units ? 
hear american war independence fought men wanting freedom civil war sides fought believed potential war america fought believed goal forced fight due government mandating war ? 
folks history class curious babylonian shekel worth teacher research suspiciously found sources gave assignment find worth find information ? 
've asked africans prominence korea goryeo dynasty 918 1392 joseon dynasty 1392 1897 treated ? understand excerpts pertaining dark slaves found conclusive evidence 
fan pirate history predominately golden age stumbled site captain kidd couldn 't stop reading set personally good sources books pirates ? edit replies internet confirm source site found capt kidd relating conspiracy surrounding ultimate demise http www captainkidd org 20conspiracy 20theory html reading trial notes playing kangaroo court recent event couldn 't thinking lead set 's inference interesting page asks good questions capt kidd voyage trail 
hey guys girls kind recommend good book article cia activities 20th century ? specifically interested cia undermined south american middle eastern governments order overthrow alot 

good podcast series listen akin hardcore history series involvement latin american countries documentaries fine haven 't find topic topic coups cia orchestrated due political alignment countries hoping gateway 
history title 'm book series books general german history middle ages present german allgemeine geschischte von mittlealte zur gegenwart improve german c1 speaker learning german history 've found books online suggestions subreddit recommend book series books ? advance 
'm british 've heard lot stories awesome british raf 've heard lot good things luftwaffe 's skills pilots told granddad weren 't killing pilots japanese good air force world war 2 haven 't heard good italians sums war effort nutshell world war 2 personally claim air force ? 

good searching books google informational books germanic slavic tribes great migration find time interesting hard find written things strange romans great historics find books fascinating subject ? 
work custom frame shop occasionally historical items framed signature cut erwin rommel signature writing wanted writing [here http imgur szne41i jpg writing identifying [here http imgur 3zba91d jpg full signature cut appreciated 
film russia love presents 1960 instanbul cold war relaxed brits soviets openly spy rules abide impression bond shows groups concerned keeping peace sort external politics american narrative america good soviet bad twain meet find setting intriguing apparent dare ?? cooperation 's happening 'm curious thing occurred country area time period actual history cold war wasn 't big deal ? edit derp bone cold war history didn 't realize relaxation actual policy point thinking relaxation general sense people laid back approach politics 

german helmet today hoping direct authentic helmet authentic ss badge side 's age starting deteriorate rest strap leather dated 1939 basically wanting 's ss helmet badge side point 's hard pics http imgur orhfxfq http imgur 6vjq0xe edit back rim helmet manufacturer code k98 receivers numbers font 'd receivers ring nickel strap rough shape end 1939 's hard make include pics 'all edit2 pics http imgur ayikk edit3 reply comments 's comments locked idk means closer pics badge doesn 't 's sticker 's lip fingernail underneath peel 's part finish didn 't pics ? http imgur 0ikky badge 's real http www ss steel 1 206 jpg 
hey 'm find book describes lenins life rise power government thinking posting socialism 'm sided text hope find good 
bent double beggars sacks knock kneed coughing hags cursed sludge till haunting flares turned backs distant rest began trudge men marched asleep lost boots limped blood shod lame blind drunk fatigue deaf hoots gas shells dropping softly gas gas quick boys ecstasy fumbling fitting clumsy helmets time yelling stumbling flound ring man fire lime dim misty panes thick green light green sea drowning dreams helpless sight plunges guttering choking drowning smothering dreams pace wagon flung watch white eyes writhing face hanging face devil sick sin hear jolt blood gargling froth corrupted lungs obscene cancer bitter cud vile incurable sores innocent tongues friend high zest children ardent desperate glory lie dulce decorum est pro patria mori wilfred owen 
explain university cross roads love history enjoy learning years love politics love work politics wondering viable plan 
love reading learning history favorite authors sarah vowell things love books writing 's stories history interesting smart fun fast paced feel lot history books incredibly dense deal lot minutia 's hard ? vague subjects 'd read people moments history 'm interested witches early america teddy roosevelt napoleon abraham lincoln vincent van gogh wwii general mythology roman greek irish scottish mexican japanese chinese ancient rome american revolution aztecs mayans filmmaking 70 's 80 's 90 's renaissance crimes similar zodiac devil white city samurai charles manson pablo escobar music punk emo folk hip hop classical composers mozart beethoven chopin american mafias early 1900 's 60 's fashion 1940 's 1960 's 

degrees history university degree history classes focused russia ancient egypt 've interested tsars emperors russia ancient egypt recently decided start start learning subjects spare time good podcasts books hands introduce topics ? 
religion 'm specifically wanting information tengriism religious beliefs buddhism yeah 'm interested subject good books [and sources 'd prefer books 
1802 napoleon 5000 polish soldiers fight slave rebellion haiti sodiers deserted joined rebels fighting heard story poles giving names slaves black haitians fighting soldiers names [poniatowski https en wikipedia org wiki c3 b3zef poniatowski heard thet story ? 
good books preferably digital format kindle covert action central america 1980 's ? 'm background conflicts 's involvement 
studying searching gothic migrations appearance colonized areas thought gothic blood present major part europe population due vast territorial reach ? made montage url express http imgur ktap8ir guys matter surreal ? europeans descendants bit gothic ? 
title pretty sums reading books main reasoning remaining unmarried order remain powerful reasons wondering part privy council play 
've read places marovingians credited spreading christianity dark age 'm curious lasting impacts interpretation religion survive today ? modern day catholicism heavily influenced bishops rome wanted needed shape religion compatible roman society similar made clovis descendants gradually part established dogma ? 

found picture https media cache ak0 pinimg originals 4c 88 d5 4c88d5381700e4c423b62b0df41df260 jpg thought perfectly summed world war horse symbol warfare history laying dead newest weapon war passes tank wondering pictures paintings perfectly depict historical event period ? 
researching curiosity chose chose stay north concrete explanation ? found source bipolar orders koreas 1989 3rd 1946 citizens required permit order cross border ? 
10th november important sad day turkish turkish people globe 's day beloved leader passed regular poster wanted guys ataturk ? video made turkish company memoriam ataturk [https www youtube watch ? f1s9osykfp8 app desktop title means 'there debts 't pay weoweyou wikipedia link case don 't accomplishments [https en wikipedia org wiki mustafa kemal atat c3 bcrk 
dumb question 'm answer gonna men time violence soldiers today combat killing enemies close range sources warriors reliving battles agony haunted nightmares ? 
've reading ww1 canada 's involvement photos battlefields completely obliterated due shelling 'm curious photos beginning stages battle ? 
world war colonial project largely collapsed nationalist movements colonial movement arose succeeded achieved independence respective nations chance world war european powers maintain colonial system ? curious thoughts 's fetched european powers dig waging war preserve order concept neo colonialism colonialism present 
'm interested finding great underdog battles incredible defensive stories battles battle pont st louis battle halidzor amazing defenses underdog stories entire winter war discuss 

fall asleep watching documentaries intentionally lay bed watch focus brain lull small child listening cosmos cassette hard time finding history documentaries history channel haywire decade ago thought 'd favourite history documentary series miniseries ? place post feel free remove doesn 't fit 

turks middle asia claims djengiz khan turkic mongol read history site kazak citizen claiming djengiz khan turkic born turkic tribe knowledge history books astana turks en mongols past mixed tribes mongols counted turks majority tribes balkan river russia fact 's mother turkic guys knowledge ? knowledge turk mongol ? 
gemstones currency ithey relative goods [eg sheep gold hearing moghul empire gems extent mystery 
've older 've realised 's impossible purpose understanding knowing history 's greatest figures 've resorted reading 'profiles favourite mini biographies history 's important people ? feel share links 
recently medieval history 't find good book period general realize large timeframe cram volume text difficult good foundation move forward 
late 1940 early 1990 allies involved nuclear standoff ussr uk played large part west nuclear plans priority target soviet nuclear strike worst happened britain cold war plans worked ? selection british cold war nuclear facts makes interesting reading queen floating bunker called python system queen put aboard royal yacht britannia escape falling bombs plan hide yacht sea lochs north west scotland moving night loch high mountains prevent soviet radar discovering boat majesty relaxed sipping beefeaters gin queen separate rest government appoint prime minister home secretary duke edinburgh ride form privy council appoint government existing government ? felt prime minister war cabinet wouldn long event war soviets find secret location radio traffic wipe started transmitting royal observer corps royal observer corps volunteer organisation uk height cold war 1500 bunkers manned trained civilians sound siren housewives students everyday workers called families ground job roc detect bomb blasts radiation information passed home office scientists calculate bomb size direction predict path nuclear fallout typical observer post bunkers movies 20ft ladder lead underground chamber 7ft 16ft 7ft high conditions comfortable running water gas mains electric observer expected remain conditions 2 3 weeks attack uk letter resort commander nuclear submarine political situation shaky deep ocean don surface turn radio listen orders hear ? letter resort written situation today prime minister writes letter read lost letter tells commander proceed pm dead chain command commander uk reduced pile radioactive ash classified curiously check radio 4 broadcasting letter located safe command room nuclear armed contents unknown commander retaliate friendly nation hand sail tropical island live rest life eating coconuts ? prime minister stay network cold war uk set top secret network problems soviet invaders network secret british didn 't acknowledge existence mid nineties based world war ii resistance units managed cia mi6 british intelligence networks trained business green berets british sas invasion happen members stay network stay harass confuse soviet invaders trained range techniques including assassination covert operations units real annoyance enemy units sas hide west germany ready emerge event takeover people happened uk soldiers waiting strike back nuclear war powers admitted operations happened uk soil admit happened europe emergency government war headquarters 120 ft wiltshire countryside kilometre long complex codenamed burlington sat waiting protect senior figures british government burlington shelter prime minister cabinet bunch civil servants domestic staff months effects soviet nuclear strike burlington house 4000 people wouldn minute selected man site equipped water air power supplies complex kitted hospitals kitchens offices telephone switchboard bbc studio pub 60 miles roads connected york city grid style system giving pm plenty chance walk inevitable hangover contemplate move hours save nation art treasures life art heart planners operation methodical drawn 1962 height cuban missile crisis emergency plan put place protect uk art treasures hours notice military trucks pull london museums art galleries load goodies head quarries wales wiltshire remote country houses scottish highlands priceless pictures van gogh 's sunflowers monet 's waterlilies constable 's hay wain stowed safely ride nuclear firestorm civil servants questioned wisdom operation methodical internal memo noted 'whether [the plan faintest chance succeeding question minute warning soviets decide unleash nuclear inferno britain government day plan give people warning enemy missiles range missile warning radar raf fylingdales give minutes warning attack home office alert 255 main police stations country activate large sirens worked alert population rural areas volunteers sound alarm hand held sirens bbc instructed broadcast warnings tv radio channels aim pass message system time give people minutes warning nuclear attack heard alarm ? information films time advised people indoors lie ditch happy days role police event nuclear attack cold war cop special part play responsible guarding key areas dealing potentially subversive people dispersing crowds marshalling homeless police responsible hold society bombs stopped dropping manpower bit issue police supported specials volunteers traffic wardens controversially psychopaths reason ? psychopaths good crises feelings moral code tend intelligent logical british coppers rarely carry weapons nuclear war thought armed law order buying load guns expensive public happy found solution ? police armed rifles army cadet corps calm carry day day laws cold war britain rethought nuclear attack happen british authorities realised held planning exercises figure kinds powers couldn central government survive nuclear attack power delegated number regional commissioners appointed queen commissioners power impose existing laws create laws needed parliament situation critical number things begin happen schools close hospital patients mass discharged prisoners released resources required authorities including property people goods requisitioned important thing ensure people calm didn panic accomplished keeping basis presenting positive outlook nation close midnight 1983 korean airlines boeing 747 shot russians mistakenly straying soviet airspace president reagan announced star wars strategic defence initiative tension ussr time high cue operation archer exercise involving 40,000 nato troops moving western europe ordinated encrypted communications british intelligence receives information ussr orders aircraft west germany poland armed nuclear weapons soviet nuclear submarines begin submerge arctic ice avoid detection allied troops prime minister margaret thatcher briefed soviet response exercise genuine preparation warfare nato exercise mistaken hostile action point british leaders realised close midnight lucky sleepwalk world war russians informed future exercises steps put place prevent happening 
times pick book history subject dry stephen king fan read books written personal accounts experiences events survivor girl armenian genocide good book historical chapters irish ira soviet afghan war hungarian revolution french revolution lebanon vietnam isreal palestine panama kwame nkrumah congo rwanda countries africa suggestions ? 
firstly reading list suggestions suggestions users good history books read broader knowledge history general topic 


history full examples cities sacked bashful barbarians jaded jihadists conquering crusaders nonsensical nomads sack ? rome sacked multiple times ancient buildings standing day constantinople sacked remained important centres world sack ? people live city sacking ? cities important areas large populations ? conquerors people living city city pick back ? examples considerations conquerors burning place ? burnings occurred destruction considered sack term liberally pin history ? 
recently heard read alot space race similar cold war case learned space race applied future ? 
scandinavia rich history norse mythology adopting christianity dark ages lists countries sweden high atheist population 85 denmark germany iceland netherlands france high atheist population caused countries comprise lot atheists ? fellow atheist curious religion prevalent united states recent thing ? countries losing religion awhile ? 't find information assume european countries religious deep roots christianity thousands years 



vague title game thrones book statement basically 'this standing army feudal host lords serve forever didn 't serve duration limited time work real life ? feudal lord serve king overlord days travel time days period 'd home matter based circumstances ? tldr long feudal lord expected provide troops circumstances ? 
'm curious country wwii underrated ally ? small island country ? country bordering germany russia ? 'm historian 've wanted hear guy big war 

don 't understand point understand putting people born japan lived moved states wouldn 't agree 'd understandable born america grew viewed true home happened japanese parents heritage throw camp ? born america grew american assume 'd loyal hirohito japan indoctrinated ? 
good day broad question lot variables mind reading number tunnels white house president family make escape event incoming danger precautions built medieval castles nobles ? event siege underway situation looked grim time abandon ship tunnels built cities castles fortresses ? asoiaf fantasy lot martin 's castles based real world architecture exaggerated stories characters makes escape imprisonment series tunnels lower parts castle 

large component modern history 'm astonished lack biased resources focus empire british influence globe 'm missing 
pope hitler thrilling documentary explores stories world war ii role vatican conspiracy assassinate adolf hitler hitler pondered direct attack pope bravest warriors beginning plot attack catholic colonel claus von stauffenberg gravely wounded tunisia recovered vowed dedicate life ending hitler daring attempt succeed prove climax long quest cut head nazi snake hitler revenge prove fast furious darkest days world war ii st peter shrouded shadow swastika hrer surrounded pope plotting secret counter offensive wartime pontiff pius xii derided public silence holocaust evidence suggests silence subterfuge man branded hitler pope wanted eliminate enjoy superb documentary https www youtube watch ? 3vqeqzl2t1e 
've read stories similar latin language gauls 2 seemingly unrelated languages similar ? assumed close proto indo european lots similarities chance geography rest ? 
'm 's lots ww2 buffs apologize question 's asked alot recently began reading lot ww2 history pretty shocked find larger terms numbers eastern front western front soviets losing war badly stalingrad turned things began push germany back eventually berlin change stalingrad ? thing find battle soviet troops ordered shoot deserters change tide single battle war happened stalingrad powered red army berlin ? edit related question didn 't japan attack soviet union east ? pummeled russia 1905 crippled movements army spread entire landmass defend focusing manpower west edit 2 've lot good answers expecting moment upvote people deserve pretty sad imo idiot jumping roof 5000 upvotes guys share deep knowledge biggest turning point human history 5 spread love 
knew grandfather died young german soldier ww2 don 't 've recently photo album 'm hoping photos shed light past https imgur gallery ftfdf quality 'm posting phone effects signed copy mein kampf imagine signature made hand printed earlier album photos germany war 'd upload 
people people south small population base economy supporting numbers troops reported double number fielded time grant suffered habit time time 
learning hs world history class 've extremely interested life napoleon bonaparte aced french revolution test 100 ended unit class 've longing read preferably biography books guys recommend ? 
prophecy utter imminent rise national fascism states undoubtable coming hrer facebook twitter feeds thought 's good time review nazis rose power survive years note intrigue actual rise nasdap rise populism details word actual nazis literally hitler tossed ? internet thought 've learned high school history class germans fucked french major economic crisis people turned hitler things horrible atrocious allies won saved day end reading wwii history loved books band brothers ambrose read book detail nazis felt grim tabooed thought 's good time read googling rise fall reich journalist william shirer inside reich actual nazis architect albert speer book books 've heard point rise fall american journalist research rise fall nazis title suggest inside reich memoire actual participant reign insider perspective 've read chapter felt great read thing pretty hefty read order big effect understanding subject person doesn 't details germany era book read ? book recommendations great instigated joke don 't hear current politics worldnews 
'm curious tradition started started originate ? timers trees aesthetic practical ? significant evolution tree ? 
intrigued tiny decision event dramatically alter history 've wondered alternative history interests guys share tickle tastebuds talking ? 
rome virtue extraordinary influence seat roman empire seat catholic church dominated world affairs respective periods sociopolitical set modern world traced back events personalities made decisions city city influence global human society rome argue rome influence western history fulfill criteria agree ? city influential ? 
thinking today south americans migrated land patch exist russia north america ocean 's shortest point 53 miles google columbus vikings america atlantic 100 times wider strait disconnects russia america understand 's cold 's 53 miles closest point cross russia north america compared thousands miles cross atlantic 's cold plymouth rock 's plymouth rock isn 't equator cold jagged rocky shorelines icebergs potentially route wondering russians landed north america made put continent russia continent columbus landed 
french revolution favorite periods history broaden scope learn napoleon time period general 've title 'm interested primary sources kinds diaries memoirs collections letters general historical works appreciated speak french recommend stuff hasn 't translated english 



isolationism played part surely nazis threat national security america obliged enter 1941 ? 

doctors surgeons examine female vagina pre modern eras led significant slow field gynecology female body moments history ? 
title gore bothering wanted clear imperial courts rife people deceiving screwing search power haven 't find word phrase encapsulated give modern english phrase game thrones context popular media hbo show 's popularity 2010 google trends 
hey 'm reading book roman military tactics partly fun partly upcoming paper book offhandedly mentions roman states copy roman legion rarely success 'm hoping read 't find annotation corresponds primary sources secondary source books mention ? 
hey guys good source visually shows dynasties development east asian region preferably neolithic till hard time follow development parallel development region panda 
recommend good books jfk assassination 's include crazy conspiracy theories year time anniversary assassination super interested 
'm research topic surrounding charles lindbergh america committee sources 've find newspaper articles things hoping wider breadth sources things letters diary entries online databases kind things ? 
specifically unified paid police force designated constable ? called ? 'd absolutely love provide starting point research book documentary 've found advance 
hey guys recently rewatched lord rings scene rohirrim charge orcs besieging minas tirith made question realistic ? depend geography battlefield units fighting wondering general cavalry reinforcements battle simply decimate army riding continuously movie ? common cavalry reinforcements periods sword swords battles norm 
started gain interest roman history history gladiators popularity gladiator games wondering shed light popularity declined ceased exist ? interesting gladiator facts sources great 
'm curious general feeling soldiers war soldier 's ultimate duty sacrifice emperor country remembered eternity 've read stories soldiers genuinely wished died brothers fulfill ultimate mission question stems soldiers ashamed feeling general population ? 
listening speech theodore roosevelt mentioned otto raphael looked otto nypd officer immigrant friend sparing partner roosevelt hero saving people fire wondering characters made mark history didn 't huge recognition http www grit public servants otto raphael php 
guys gals place great uncle left galway ireland 1928 find recond passing ellis island year enlistment details 27 april 1941 army service number 32112121 nudge direction find military career life 'd obliged advance 
worst country worse allies central powers 'm ww1 history battlefield find true enemy pretty genocides war 'm 

'm interested period american history civil war 's skimmed feel 's important period country time country split good books cover steps reunite country ? 

versed korean history effect hangul joseon korea ? specifically people ? heard joseon sejong instated hangul language low literacy rate chinese language spoken nobility court peoples literacy rate increase hangul introduced ? 
documentary reich rise fall https youtu qyn8wumxye0 amazing documentary perceptive german people eye opening 1 man won millions millions people time watched documentary english british narrator english british narrator gave heartfelt feel documentary british narrator version documentary ? 
understanding slaves captured 's 17th 18th centuries islamic parts africa black civil rights movement form strong association islam nation islam ? 's connection imagined actual african americans islam ? african ancestors weren 't understanding feel free correct islamic 
've watching series untold history united states oliver stone netflix interested learning henry wallace heard convention vp pretty won slip recommend good biography documentary audio book podcast henry wallace ? convention ? crazy turn events sprung convention turned differently wallace vp year 
title suggests 'm planning writing book diadochi successors alexander great modern book topic find cover death alexander follow successor fought empire planned end book death diadochi sources arrian nicomedia plutarch primary secondary sources recommend reading order complete book ? 
guys 've reading interesting texts mid victorian era topic spiritualism unique 's difficult firm grasp time considered sit science religion managed succeed communities account 's surge popularity ? families high death rates wanting loved women gaining chance lot life medium profession folks 
americans lever action rifles civil war wild west period europeans single shot breechloaders lots damage individual strikes conquer portion continent fast large extent ? 
vincent foster entire story including limited ways intersected arkansas project worded phrase section title 'm questions 1 great books cover arkansas project 2 great books cover foster political figure 's overlap topics figured find text covers ? 'm interested accounts vincent foster great pathos story 'm professional investigative efforts smear reputation clinton administration travelgate whitewater professional smart historical work academic substantisted isn 't sensationalized glib 'm idea seek definitive text clinton administration zeroing investigations ? recommend ? 

'm determine justified dropping bombs 'm curious attempt america foil plan drop atomic bombs 've curious suggestions readings matter appreciated 
posted version ghana patha recital gayatri mantra pleasantly surprised degree attention post details gayatri vedas clarification mantra found 10th mandala rig veda hymn traditionally attributed recorded family sage vishwamitra rig veda oldest religious text currency basic text definite form 1700 1600 bc vedas recent finally edited estimate current form 1100 bc 4 vedas means invariant texts major recensions yajur veda black white branches skt shakha schools veda text remarkably preserved oral tradition recitation veda texts called patha 4 vedas thematically organized 4 parts samhitas collections lit brought core vedic mantras brahmanas texts elaborate significance meaning samhita mantras aranyaks manuals ritual upanishads philosophical texts mnemonic tools devised create multiple recitations vedic text students learnt recitations errors creeping lineage transmission rechecked text lineages mnemonic rules generate readings core text video chanting tradition unesco channel https www youtube watch ? qpcasmn0cru samhita patha basic recitation including sandhi rules pada patha vedic language joins words based euphonic rules concatenation sandhi pada patha includes word word recitation usual euphonic concatenation jata patha chanting slightly intricate pattern represented 1,2 2,1 1,2 2,3 3,2 2,3 3,4 4,3 3,4 ghana patha intricate form represented 1,2 2,1 1,2,3 3,2,1 1,2,3 2,3 3,2 2,3,4 4,3,2 2,3,4 3,4 4,3 3,4,5 5,4,3 3,4,5 person learnt style recitation called pathin sound veda text considered sacred utmost importance veda transmitted textually accent manner pronunciation comparing existing versions extant veda schools india today safely surprisingly large corpus vedic material largely unaltered 3000 years add mnenomic system fact sanskrit formalized grammar atleast 4th century bc panini formalized sanskrit grammar extent morphological analysis unparalleled western world mid 20th century objective ancient vedic priests transmitters oral tradition tools transmit vedas orally perfect condition millenia today controversy meaning text text vedas today considered brahmin families continue learn recite vedas original language accent pronunciation mantra video gayatri mantra popular notorious vedic metre named traditional text doesn 't conform controversy varenyam vareniyam 


'm decent books ancient china romance kingdoms 'm expand understanding knowledge china 's history hell give book recommendations interesting periods eastern history japan china mongolia main 3 enjoy 

hear people george washington wasn 't president united states true ? united states officially united states ? prior revolution ? insight nice 
researching man title fought korean war couldn 't find heard provided articles journals ? 
forgive addressed 'm kinda reddit question recently heard electoral college created part protect slave states rights slaves provide context true ? correlation ? 
ww1 germany paid lot reparations number countries britain conspicuously absent list lost millions men 's cities bombed zeppelins massive debt finance war wwii britain didn 't receive reparations germany japan suffered tremendously lost men ships debt finance war 
guys 's weird white human societies stories legends white gods back centuries ? aztecs ancient hawaiians add cultures place post lol 
begin preface time creating post subreddit discussion fits rules forgive post technically interfere rule 2 cover specific historical event intention push politics agenda discuss nature historical study learn history doomed repeat quote struck chord history study thought faces recently couldn 't conceptualize personal thoughts clear discussion changed listening dan carlin 's hardcore history blitz school toughness realized terms describe sides history searching humanities sciences true reason history repeat study human behavior chronical events feature history overlooked importance ensuring factual base history scientific approach recording history equally important investigate lessons provide personal experience noticed aversion pulling meaning historical events attempts labeled historical revisionism reason gather information internet forums historical debates argue facts interpretation meant comment subreddit spent time make comment dismiss importance facts dates people events interpretation microscope view history lost interested hearing agree disagree hope post acceptable 

historians reddit question role military officers specifically army officers wars american revolution ? lead front guns blazing tent planning ? officers transition sabers pistols rifles enlisted soldiers ? 
fact zeppelin 's bomb london places gigantic surely nimble bi planes showed crew sitting ducks large lumbering zeppelin 's ? apparently gunners top ship 've terrifying job standing top airship explode hits 'd enemy planes shooting crew member zeppelin 's made back germany alive 'd storm superior 's offices demand pay rise risking neck thing suited tourist trips air combat 
're learning world war school text books packed details learn find learn material places wondering recommend good litterature ww1 ? fiction fiction books war events war books written war movies documentaries 're learning eurocentric view live scandinavia affects sight guess neutral read shows perspectives advance suggestions hove post inappropiate 
haven 't studied period british history figured restoration result english civil war republic collapse end 1650 ? oliver cromwell 's death significant factors ? 
occurred irish history change starting teens twenties don 't free time days pretty short book obliged loves podcasts prefer read 
's lots added details make chuckle events points history love cardboard cut tanks nazis trick british french share 

recently 've stumbled interesting notion west taught dark ages horrible world descended chaos coinciding loss greek knowledge characterization dark age world biased dark age existed europe taught universally bad time period knowledge lost regression humanity occurred opinion ill informed moors thrived period continued advance technology humanity taught humanity descended chaos echos european bias accounted history books thinkers today prominent historians european american thinkers today tragedy europeans europe hit rough period humanity circumstances tragedy europeans white viewed whites supreme race time advanced city technology empire world muslim empire located africa run colored people universal tragedy taught dark ages considered dark europeans plight cultures leaders humanity find odd dark ages presented primary schools west universities colleges history books centuries idea european supremacy real tragedy dark ages plight europeans moors supreme ? human race tragedy taught ? power struggle tragedy lesser race supreme white europeans western perspective ? 6th grade 15 years ago america calling invaders rome barbarians reinforcing european supremacy today hundreds years rome 's fall 's bias time european greek roman british french german empire arises supposed tragedy humanity regressed progress europeans helm 

night met group people pappy older group people 'm 18 btw 10 total military sail boating outdoorsy activities pappy lives met 85 year wife man tiki noticeable german accent talked chinese mom dutch dad raised holland germany tonight thanksgiving military guys houses people started talking tiki brought reminded close long time ago broke tears told teenager put concentration camp germany talking yesterday reminded boy close 'm tearing 'm writing leaving house tonight goodbye told great life friend hit hard telling thought worth sharing 'woman title typo 
document entire battalion australian troops assigned guard coast simply fled allowing japanese walk gap australians daffodils beautiful yellow document documents speak australian military singapore 
battle somme soldiers ordered rush enemy survive ? ancient medieval battles 's accounts ? understand wording don 't offend 
listening history podcast rome pluck citizen 100 ad drop spot 500 years find things pretty understand customs buildings stayed language ? understand ? person 1900 coming find lot language hard understand bring 250 years ago difficult understand songs radio 500 years ago spoke completely language called english recent phenomenon languages change slower past ? 

subreddit hey give shot remember history class watched documentary french revolution woman dressed man enlist french army don 't remember documentary examples women general crossdressing male professions history edit spelling 
slavery existed forms countless cultures evidence predating written records west tend associate slavery race based form practiced europe 've found fascinating society willingly give type slavery assumed unique phenomenon 'm curious civilizations slaves slavery abolished institution ? 
overview confirmed 12th century german coat arms ? read heraldry began 12th century actual examples find mid 13th century earliest 'm researching potential banners frederick barbarossa 's vassals avoid anachronisms 
incredible born wild west america 19th century prime pirates 18th century wild west cowboys outlaws guns discovering areas america build life difficult pirates ship 's 30 cannons swords guns mastering sea discovering world making life ? 
lot judaism christianity islamic texts talk conquering parts holy land good book times history don 't focus god 's stake claim nice told followers war ? solid historical account plz 
'm create list documentaries subjects history 's easy lost quality quantity posts quality doc edit put category world war apartheid 's works world war ii [world war 26 episodes https youtu 4r3nhlhlko0 [the untold history united states chapter 1 3 http www imdb title tt1494191 ? ref ttep ep tt [apocalypse world war 6 episodes http www imdb title tt1508238 cold war [sworn secrecy secrets war 58 episodes http www imdb title tt0250764 [the untold history united states chapter 4 5 http www imdb title tt1494191 ? ref ttep ep tt assassination john kennedy [the untold history united states chapter 6 http www imdb title tt1494191 ? ref ttep ep tt vietnam war [the untold history united states chapter 7,8 http www imdb title tt1494191 ? ref ttep ep tt 
contemporary cures treatments black plague 14th century hinder people ? referring things fleeing herbs praying flagellants religion magic miasma humors smoke clarify 2 things people kill cats 14th century black death cure ? heard rumors ? plague doctor mask coat 14th century ? sources books appreciated corroborate youre 
tediously putting british uniform kit ww1 hard time finding info ww2 troops home handguns bit extra oomph gifts family friends apply great war exclusively officers ncos exceptions tank gun crews boots ground tommy webley question historically ? 
churchill famous inspiring speeches remember reading newspaper article suggested time ww2 dismissed negatively ? accurate contemporary analyses efficacy wartime speeches ? 
watching s04e03 blackadder news russian revolution trenches substantial examples mutinies uprisings entente soldiers inspired news ? mass dessertion ? central powers soldiers ? recommendations reading matter dealing news trenches ? 
read mussolini bragged destruction african country 's air force ethiopia ? turns country 's air force consisted 2 wwi era biplanes find source ? 
heard chinese thinking arrived female emperors edo period lost lot rights attribute confucian ideas women edo considered matriarchy crappy english 
'm fascinated recent history middle east large gap knowledge wwii gulf war reading suggestions appreciated reagan syria 80 's fantastic 
don 't question answerable studying history history major enjoy learning free time humans violent movies hard imaging ancient battles 't imagine running enemy hopes stabbing killing intimately feel humans biologically hard wired kill dna vague question love hear opinions responses violent time period history ? counting deaths assume 20th century wwi wwii don 't count deaths ? count brutally violent things longest period violence ? time period world ? 

western pagan religions longer group words beliefs god 's osiris zeus perun odin significant minority existant ? 

'm watching crown abdication portrayed extremely negative light royal family including mother queen mary spurning affair wallis made church government uncomfortable sentiment shared people england scotland general ? 
history dark filled lots death isn 't ? 'm kind uplifting parts history salk didn 't patent polio vaccine sounds kinda uplifting google search uplifting history doesn 't yield 'm content upliftinghistory 
'd interesting build buy frankish equipment clothing armour poorish soldier wear weapon shield don 't earlier franks wear similar equipment similar weapons compared norse period ? thinking 5th 9th century large time span directions advice sword believable 'm 100 historical accuracy 70 ? http www kultofathena product asp ? item rke8 
impact roman legion today 's military ? planted crops needed sustained major minor impacts roman legions today 's modern military ? 
time history white people enslaved race ? happened white people long ? discussion colleague prompted 
interested learning sociodemographic economic political landscape africa leading cold war learned superficial understanding time period high school years back love understand wondering recommendations books start ? 
recently realised didn 't story neutral surrendered countries pressed joining allied side 'm aware join finland fought 's allies north turkey promised seat participated ? reasons ? 
puzzle don 't letter confirm letter investigated security guard find letter ? 

place start learning ? 'm school informative website collection interested learning olden days melee weapons ranged weapons equally provide advance 
topics students touch video students fun creative sides video ideas touch topics listing format add short satirical definition events huge filming hallway gopro committees correspondence proclamation 1763 quartering act sugar act stamp act townshend acts intolerable acts sons liberty boycott lexington concord describe event thomas jefferson 4 parts declaration independence olive branch petition continental army common sense thomas paine george washington 
good material invention occupations mechanics driving forces led early occupations remember kid reading fictional story tribes person made flint arrowheads person good sick injured couple weeks traded arrowheads made meat supplies agreed continue practice fictional account invention occupations aren 't hand accounts wondering driving factors invention occupations early advances lines advances beginning occupations time people began dedicate vocation relying provide food exchange specialized service product thing found sort orthogonal 'm professions stage occupation formalized society necessarily occupation place https en wikipedia org wiki profession article mentions occupations early civilization 's 'm doesn 't give insight driving forces mechanics led subdivision occupations http www ancient eu article 680 imagine occupations gradually split specializations demand grew population demand dedicate fulltime craft curious invention coinage contributed significant increase occupations complicated furniture maker prior coinage money 'd provide piece furniture spent days working happen make cuetomer dairy farmer amount milk received piece furniture spoil drank trade extra milk foodstuffs supplies alot googles coming steve jobs things related government job creation programs phrases quotes luck homework 's game 'm working fascinates 

[post yesterday https www reddit history comments 5csjjh crusaderera hand grenade found israel ? ref share ref source link instantly reminded http imgur mnitnrr dug ground south england hands 15 years ago kid thought looked interesting day don 't ideas ? 's photo http imgur shgyjhh 
mycenaean considered phase greek history greeks ? hellenes started ? began share sense ethnic identity ? question doubts greek history considered forward answers 
growing heard dad irish america treated pretty bad worse slaves 've politically charged posts fb making claim 've heard people irish descent 'm wondering actual evidence claim slightly true ? highly evidence 've found memory correct wrong newspaper job advertisement chicago irish apply 
binge watching vikings amazon culture views death specifically completely mystify heard max payne viking believed valhalla die combat die sleep meant hell truth ? good books interesting view vikings caught boring interpretive tone history books ? 
romans western side empire realize time zone completely caspian sea ? curious people started time zones existed 
house cleaning remodeling blue lock box grandpas messing combination open items personal things records finances baptisms personal letters items note http imgur trrl5 ? tappedoia favorite reading passport guide 1955 
watching show vikings fascinated studying gods learning time period question good shows books deep culture history vikings continue learning trip scandinavia 
understanding humans originated africa migrated rest world 50,000 years ago oldest city find gobekli tepe located modern day turkey assumed earliest cities founded closer humans excavate locations reason distance ? 
recently noticed interested history famous conquistadors subject interests immensely point support actions conquistadors interested captain james cook confrontation maori warriors didn 't feel buying book amazon thought 'd input read books subject suggestions relevant topic 
view aspect military technological innovation stability taxes poverty states ? wikipedia pages don 't give explanation problem qianlong faced ? 
pie language words 'city 'town pie language vocabulary figure things words 'wheel meant wheels words crops meant understanding agriculture pie people build cities knowledge cities cultures simply coincidence root 'polis 'city diaspora ? 
guys wondering william conqueror conquer england apparent ease centuries prior vikings carving vast swathes territory north william access reliable arms logistics managed place years ? 
working paper trade associations classical athens stumbled passage image greek aswell english translation small towns workman makes chairs doors plows tables artisan builds houses thankful find employment support impossible man trades proficient large cities hand people demands make branch industry trade trade support man man instance makes shoes men women places man earns living stitching shoes cutting sewing uppers performs operations assembles parts matter devotes highly specialized line work bound manner fordism classical athens thoughts reddit ? link image text http imgur 4ewmhm6 
research family lineage big connection history inform lineage historical connection vikings ? royals ? common denmark norway sweden northern parts germany curiously interested line heard connection john baptist farfetched 
grandfather 's rudy rodriguez 's turning 90 month enlisted navy 17 war pacific theater signalman aboard uss hancock 's avid photographer life 's lot wartime photos stashed 've decided share people family permission decide feature immediately struck powerful http imgur 69s3a8q 's surreal fathom wanting shoes shined woman carry baby back earned money woman lose family atomic blast bombing ? lose husband war ? child care ? slew questions answered memory wasn 't lot pics don 't backstory stand comment smile make people 's gloating 's regular smile picture 's malice intended op reddit easy figure properly link pics wrote diary online 's compelling link http usshancockassociation org crew diaries rudy rodriguez mobile index html 1 's pics japan http imgur f7nkp enlistment time ended enlisted assigned general macarthur 's top secret documents courier mom grandmother live girl mom climbing mt fuji 's happy haha 's pics time http imgur ownka apologize quality picture picture cell phone 'm starting put translation ton digital format 's interest 'll post 
prefer told japanese perspective allied perspective fine dont books pacific theater good fictional litterature eastern front 
words computers plans studying rigorously outcome ? thinking things impact individual soldiers potential harm equipment ? exhaustive studies mock battles gathering data calculating statistics ? exhaustive study military history strategy ? words pre sabermetrics baseball managers intuition gut ? modern day baseball managers odds scenario work exhaustively scout team develop strategy ? 'm curious status generals today generals wwii era generals alive centuries today nobles kings won general titles due noble status 
reading gods generals perspective put book union side subordinate commanders competent hamstrung high command historical examples talented subordinate commanders changed history command ? 
ruled india hundred years book explores period indian history ? interested people robert clive played important roles time indians british 
examples http imgur pwexg paintings source material 'm focusing painted 300 200 bc syria jewish toga opened 'm interested blue trimming separate blue lines toga cloth ? 2 pronged fork end 3 clue ideally draw simply opened side note jews tassels corner garment closely tassels ends garment 've front 'm advance 
salvete writing based supposed roman invasion hibernia basing locations hibernia britannia caledonia historical accuracy characters exiled scottish chieftain finds auxiliary cohort wales spoilers turn trilogy pipe dream moment bits fine people 1 good names character find bear mind ? 2 latinize enlisted understand ? offer sneak preview reddit ahead roman names trouble lot internet helpful 
'm bare bones introduction middle eastern history bias feel hard middle east relevant nowadays 'm wondering sources good job explaining happened adding narrative 
interesting article shots ww1 battle mons 'm harder time finding fired shots belgians germans clashing mons forts liege namur 'm enamored bravery belgian army face odds find specific information engaged steer direction ? 

wondering allied axis casulties civilian military occured formal surrender germans brainwashed 1933 fought allied forces allies form respons killing axis civilians soldiers hope understand question 



playing bit total war wondering sword cavalry 's actual effectiveness combat tremendous power couched lance spear hitting target obvious polearms spears easier horseback swords 'd leave user open wondering sword horseback fighting horseman ? 

'm place 'm confused thought start graduated ba history months ago teach high school middle school level history florida public schools 've research 'm 'm thing 've pay certification 's order teach bachelor 's degree familiar florida school system grateful 

army straight answer found half dozen answers make sense wikipedia comfort support protect shins prevent caught barbed wire boots laced boots fit answers make sense purpose wouldn 't widely adopted ww1 suddenly abandoned normal pant legs 

place forever find construction work house found inside wall http imgur jwgmp edit photos sword found letter imprinted blade http imgur 8z4jy 
hey 'm learning kosovo war wondering evidence suicide bombers war ? prisoner war camps point conditions ? 
countries involved war tend form 2 sides alliances countries polar opposites ways team defeat common enemy ussr britain usa forming alliance ww2 'd love learn case 3 countries sides hating equally point consistently attacked human nature sides eventually team common enemy needed fight 
prisoners stay prison law broke amended removed assume civil prisoners case prohibition prisoner drug related crime prsioner understand people weren aren compassionate time release civil rights prisoners morally speaking civil disobedeant wrong legally criminals happened people arrested civil related crimes ? released cleared charges time reduced finish sentence ? 
isn 't question history discussion history interesting people personally enjoy people time periods thought affects modern day situations ? enjoy history ? dislike ? 
curious studying 't find copy figured public domain haven 't found single university museum online version read print doesn 't cost money 'll pay find free version full magnus liber organi de graduali antiphonario pro servitio divino 
hearing show call democracy obvious problems dictatorship 'm curious civilization survive government including local 'll expand include things church weird situations government 'm democratic dictatorship solutions government services biggest curiosity long survived 'll details wiki 
link http imgur shbqi pictures grandmother found photograph 's germany 1800 1920 family dresden anchor shirt german navy ? 

'm rereading postwar history europe 1945 pretty crazy judt encyclopedic vision pulls stories post wwii europe single narrative question comparative study asia aftermath japanese occupation american liberation brings date present status quo ? 
've videos newbie history buff learn civilizations interested mongols vikings islamic empires lighter fun approach accurate remotely comprehensive eras ? 
fiction book operation chastise interested bouncing bombs developed effective details damage caused dams posting correct subreddit post 
heard recently lutheran reform leaflets thing viral due invention paper press paper press allowed leaflets printed bulk spread europe 
hey guys discussion friend challenged find political system changed positively impacted people ruled agrees ill define changing system power system deliberate steps greatly change diminish power resulting positive change people living system 'd greatly apprechiate provide history 
hearing reading lot backed regimes states ending poorly embattled sort upheaval examples backing person regime clarify socially economically politically stable 
days people tend back colonial empires oppressive exploitative things written today british empire favorable light side 'm find sort writings heyday british empire paint good light ideally 'm find 1800 ish advocates young british men career colonies path glory success suggestions read ? 
large empires ancient world ancient egypt ancient rome ancient greece middle east parts asia wanted face similar problems today immigrants stereotypes taking jobs racist racist 
back time vlad impaler caligula human error hysteria conceivably inflate raw body count atrocities today accurate numbers mass shootings highly advanced industrialized societies long time nail fluctuate wildly benefits high speed communication enormous paper trail medical records identify people trust numbers reported historians speculating hear ? 
lot factors prussian russian land thirst liberum veto ineffective foreign candidates magnate greed contributed downfall factor greatest contributed destruction poland lithuania factor set rest motion ? 
obvious european domination native americans instances behavior civilizations prefer aggressor european people motivation stems observation behavior commonly attributed europeans races experience phenomenon occurred european people edit amount feedback great answers 've astonishing 'd contributed worded confusing didn 't simply examples conquest warfare civilization dominates outright annihilation suppression civilization culture compare downfall native americans apologize specific 
south north america filled millions people spanish arrive mix gunpowdre steel notably diseases population decimated millions people estimated counting european colonists african slaves long population count back amerindians met columbus time ? 

art project wondering crown king high middle ages wear daily basis made gold common wear crowns made kinds metal steel copper gild depict emperor frederick barbarossa crusade crown thought gold precious occasion wealthy man easily afford lose damage golden crown burial crowns salian kings 11th 12th century made gilt copper guess reason golden crowns burials discourage grave robbers basically 's 'm http imgur o2ycwid jpg 
lehr infantry regiment german guard infantry regiment wwi half regiment based schooling part guard corps cypher ranked shoulder strap imagine ranked shooting school combat don 't expect alot people bend luck 

don 't popped head walking dog morning barefoot thought shoes fashion function nowadays majority people minus obvious exceptions running shoes work shoes made fashionable part fashion didn 't matter people buy performing shoes history people start making fashion function ? approximate era ? vague answers 
'm curious local burial practices 700 750 bc onward types burial practised changed 'm understand bit mixed bag time prehistory christianity arrives things bound mixed give overview point good reading subject 'd 
'm curious m1 weapon ww2 m4 common vietnam america choose focus common modern assault rifle ? 
'm find information georgian regency period poor find lots books side period real end 18th beginning 19th centuries victoria suggest good reads graham 
chernobyl fukashima worlds worst nuclear disasters rating level 7 's reminded nuclear reactors dangerous source energy asked 's don 't don 't blame 'm posting stop post story kyshtym disaster understanding importance area basic understanding cold war mayak cold war consequence world war debatable basic background information left super powers ussr wanting rebuild war torn germany capitalist ussr communist decades fighting war battles arms race nuclear power space mayak biggest nuclear facilities russia time chelyabinsk 40 incredibly secret towns built nearby ozyorsk city 40 city home staff work mayak children grew told secret city checking systems soldiers city disaster called kyshtym disaster kyshtym nearest town wasn 't secret mayak dumping nuclear waste techa river river ob arctic ocean open air storage dumping horrible effects local environment villagers 29th september 1957 10 years covert work underground cooling system contained 70 80 tonnes dangerous radioactive waste failed repaired resulted huge chemical explosion force 70 100 tonnes actual explosion didn 't kill realized huge radioactive cloud travelled 20 thousand square kilometres bad russia ten thousand people evacuated area 3 11 years huge secrecy mayak towns 22 towns villages exposed radiation large area environment poisoned result people horrible leukemia rates stomach cancer times greater survivors nagasaki hiroshima people effects radiation sighs hit people panicked skin sloughing peoples faces parts body effects survivors don 't live 50 's children suffer diseases malformations birth ussr mayak secret cia fortunately ussr cia decided secret decided popular theories didn 't insight fear nuclear research disasters long time write lot research misspelt names 'm 'm professional historian incredibly interested cold war hope future love discuss comments cia thing views secrecy ussr secret love corrected edit post reading 
eyeing medieval kingdoms total war 1212 mod total war attila noticed roman empire split 3 states empire trebizond latin empire morea nicaea happened caused gigantic split splintering empire ? 
reading watching england marshy sources listed problem helped spread malaria time henry viii problem fixed ? fixed nature locals drain marshes technology ? explain ? interested links https contagions wordpress 2012 02 05 mapping malaria anglo saxon england https www youtube watch ? 845 sszvon starts 7 45 video 
reconstruction lots upward mobility black people business politics schools 'm hard time finding stats black life prospered time general sense black owned businesses cropped reconstruction ? successful ? black politicians made congress ? local governments ? policies fare ? education rates black population time ? enter higher education ? black professors ? examples aspects life fascinating 
long time history war heroic men older boys happily volunteered fight country celebrated point shifted western world don 't information vietnam war man men drafted forced threat punishment general war horrific resort ? ? ww war didn 't happen battlefield affected general public bombings ? peace movement hippie generation ? media coverage drove home horrors war ? started wondering vietnam soldier zippo shared days ago 


niave question north vietnamese found seek inroads prosperous cambodia war united states ? essentially north vietnamese cambodia bypass troops supplies personel south vietnam bringing cambodia larger south asian war fighting nationalists south troops material support ? wouldn 't involvement vietnam bear responsibility ultimate creation khmer rouge ? wasn 't cambodia destabilized ? 
've lot research frameworks tribes interact state generally subscribe ibn khaldun rebel central state strong submit weak lots historians political scientists expand wondering knew text author compelling theory supported disagreed point view 
listened special command performance christmas 1942 mention troops heard week wanted recordings week week show exist publicly 
hey folks suggestion suggestmeabook luck 'm rediscover polish heritage start learning polish history good books start ? time period doesn 't matter 'd good starting point 
made gallery things found interesting imgur https imgur gallery s1dxd eventually transcribing making record images 's interest make happen sooner point facts abbreviations appreciated 
whilst phone pictures enjoy http imgur gallery 0x6zm true history buffs aircraft pictures 
specifically culture country existed completely accepted minority group ethnic religious equals members majority kingship emperor 's rule ? suppose equals eyes law government 'd eyes people 
wondering people british involvement great war interesting bit netflix called great mistake put forward interesting question britain involved ? prestige imperial pre eminence stand gain ? german victory catastrophic world ? note playing sacrifice made britain valiant soldiers shape form 
've read australia discovered dutch hawaii discovered james cook great britain imagine british overpowering netherlands control australia time period acquisition hawaii makes sense 
types laws limiting freedom 'm interesting learning people minimally affected laws needing wear seatbelt driving laws children car seats earliest prohibition ? examples laws effect taking personal choice hands individuals laws reflect safer option seat belts save lives heroin isn 't good earlier history ? context existed ? 
ancient times recently cowboy wild west usa people avoid hypothermia death caught open heavy rainstorm ? umbrellas plastic plastic raincoats leather hide wool weren 't people dropping dead soaking wet cold ? 
glass beer unremarkable beer oldest alcoholic beverage links people distant long dead abraham lincoln celtic tribesmen charles bukowski churchill communists countless revolutionaries edgar allan poe frontiersmen henry david thoreau hunter thompson martin luther men women staring death face monks people knew written word plato romans statesmen kaiser wilhelm 
title middle ages reputation limited progression personal freedom scientific progress examples good monarchs ? speaking specifically europe relevant examples 
'm writing character suffering degree burns result held fireplace 'm struggling find documentation treated bit painkillers hygiene pretty optional point history 'm interested finding doctor bag year treated kind injury alternatively knowledge family medical books deal burns extremely source mrs beeton 's book household management isabella beeton published 1861 ideally bit closer date interested class severe make impossible professional person service attending occur surgeon arrives treatment adopted place patient full length back warm apply fomentations flannels wrung boiling water sprinkled spirits turpentine part give wine sal volatile quantities prostration strength requires bearing mind great fact steer quicksands death present prostration death future excitement increased proportion amount stimulants give absolutely life body 
understand phrase nazi invention allied powers describe nsdap wondering germans equivalent shorthand describing members party ? 




question arises primitive tribes isolated ? piece tribes cultures don 't advance 'technology tree speak compared tribes ? civilization unnatural advancement human history bringing disease plagues wholesale genocide massive wars agriculture depletes soil opposed living nature pollution destruction planet seeking speculative discussion historical textbook answer 't single simple answer paradox 
'm starting podcast detailing lives history 's enigmatic interesting plain funny characters diogenes rube waddell tycho brahe 'd learn people lead strange life ? 
'd start 'm reddit fun mobile app apologize formatting issues end 'm thinking picking adrian goldsworthy 's life colossus 've read good reviews recommendations learning 'd hear book 've read pro 's con 's general thoughts 'd hear book recommendations late roman republic early empire era 'm open time celebrated thanksgiving hope lovely time 
'm thinking things seleucia ctesiphon kushan empire burgundy winners write history books guys glaring absences traditional history ? 
christmas approaching friends hosted secret santa turned pick history loving dude frequently mentions historic events plays games civilization crusader kings naturally figured book falls timeline great gift place subreddit book ideas advance 
love sabaton niche music made bands people sing history sabaton history 
've wondered region populated europe vastly technologically advanced 500 years wars division europe africa ? 
'm watch tv serial 's talking life time chandra gupta beloved chandra nandini exist ? 't find history past life explain 
imagine hard major armies made diverse groups belongs group give side huge advantage knowing troop movement documented instances infiltrated armies foreign agents ? 


literally immediately surrender appomattox united states army fare professional european armies prussia britain ? combat experience gained fighting american civil war huge amount manpower industrial capacity give usa chance europe 's top armies circa 1865 ? 
[historia civilis https www youtube watch ? su1ej9yqt68 format historia civilis similar channel world war 2 ? purely cartoonish part cartoon part human talking crash 

germans set trenches entente 4 years grueling slow combat ensued 4 years combat western front remained tactic side effectively fight trenches ? 
love history haven 't indulged love knowing facts past order expand interests knowledge hoping receive interesting comments favourite era 

watching documentary world war 2 night started thinking righteous wars conflict greater good typical conquering expanding land love good list 
recently read book forgotten plain folk south sort left dust speak rise plantation slavery south talks reactions changing america pre civil war age war 1812 civil war genuinely interested thought reforms happening crucial age american history abolitionist movement temperance movement 
history remember fascination history 'm wondering favorite time periods historical events person dicuss read ? mine include holocaust salem witch trials tudors marie antoinette howard hughes golden age hollywood dust bowl american revolution 
'm expert english history repeatedly heard elizabethan age considered golden age english history age specifically queen elizabeth made period considered great ? things english victory spanish armada don 't elizabeth 's achievements england 

paintings photographs soldiers specifically officers noticed carried sword 1800 1900 's age gunpowder question effective swords combat rifles battle ceremonies didn 't officers long rifles enlisted counterparts officer 's decide swords useless field battle ? answers appreciated gators edit add officer 's begin rifles ? 
suppose granted world obvious west europe africa ocean don 't explore romans head direction land west 'yep end world greeks explore direction ? examples early explorers heading west atlantic returning ? 
november 9 1848 robert blum executed indication march revolution fail november 9 1918 kaiser wilhelm ii abdicates face german defeat world war 1 november 9 1923 night failed beer hall coup attempted emerging nazi party november 9 1938 night broken glass jewish stores property synagogues vandalised destroyed november 9 1989 fall berlin wall peaceful protests botched press conference 
history class studying treaty verdun charlemagne wondering holy roman empire change state amalgamate smaller duchies margraviates brandenburg saxony austria brunswick munich baden happen ? 
planning operation barbarossa risk generals defeated napoleon winter made lot faulty assumptions soviet 's capacity bring men arms front quick push back assault purely logistic standpoint doesn 't germans prudent men equipment addition strategic aims pretty valid centers production oil refineries prevent soviets full scale war production wrong winter ? areas industry capable stripping sending east ramping time stall advance stalingrad ? large scale industrial areas nazis didn 't account ? soviets time behemoth moving ? 's understanding stalingrad successful soviets entering full swing bringing men arms war effort time opinion major thing hitler wrong ? edit reading responses hope guys questions awesome responses understand situation cheers 
subject coups fascinated turkey 's failed coup meaning knowledgeable history coups interesting 

18 months ago submitted [this excert http imgur qkecczk jpg great uncles ww1 diary decent attention subsequently uploaded diary kinda fell flat limited downloads dropbox making people miss blessing cousins recently submitted archives main library decided put people read 'm knowledge ww1 history honestly hand accounts war world basically consistent diary great uncle wrote drafted basic training rural nz till months war time insanely written descriptive diary thick things describe war story soldier eventually hand man commander ? 't remember top guy deliver telegraph stating war true personality telepgraph 15yrs war army told lost family safely stored remaining telegraphs top absolute character pull writing friends head exploding making casual comic transcribed word word 's made captivate 1 3 training life ships camping egypt 's till bit shit hits fan 's trenches hiding abandoned buildings france sneaking forest night kill enemy amazingly 'm spend week breaking manageable sections writing summary stop people bored action 'm posting gauge interest 'll put asks list contact upload wondering place upload preferably site viewed browser cheers reading older proud man family started diary knowing hell experience 'm hoping finally suggestions people institutions enjoy copy 'll contact 

question bugged 'm hoping informed understand remember school wwi tactical stalemate battle gaining ground wwii resulted invasion germany allied forces wasn 't stalemate wwii ? 



uk civil rights movement united states 1960 ? relationship blacks whites uk time ? segregated racially tinged american south ? 


dad statute lions translated plaque officers corp pioneer battalion 11 've picked basic info advanced knowledge yea 'm curious connections lions plaque backstory plaque interesting image plaque statute http iob imgur uygg vasbeiaxey 
feel case philip ii macedon father alexander great son 's achievements incredible make damn good story personally philip king leader men brought macedonia minor disrespected kingdom savages greeks genuine powerhouse military dominated great city states greece master diplomacy political intrigue common touch knowing talk inspire men showing modest earth allowed men call alexander created genuine standing army professional soldiers usual levying citizens occurred greek city states major reason smashed battle alexander badass doubt general fair philip persia feel philip king leader 
've mentioned 'm write fictional country base 's history real life european history idea country existed similarly countries europe existed history interacted 's part thirty years war 've make familiar early modern history plan studying modern history endeavor hasn 't successful 'm happy 've studying good stuff 've decided specific histories specific countries 'm educated wars country 400 500 years reading list 've put 't find books england closest find [these https www amazon dp 0198217048 ref wl dp pc ttl ? encoding utf8 colid 2fqvu2b66t4au coliid i3htcbx1xso0d7 're lengthy 'd years read 4 volumes read smaller books cover era 'm books cover early stuarts wwi book covers hundred year period books eras timeline book stuarts good starting pointing book english civil war glorious revolution hanoverian era victorian history books recommend read educated eras english history hope 'm making clear ridiculous questions 

sound silly question basing question stereotype ll curiosity temples tombs ancient ruins discovered history ruins specifically designed defensive ruins filled unique mechanisms easy lost filled booby traps ? defence measures prevent grave robbers 

unanswered simple dumb questions history afraid ? today lucky day note questions tennessee prohibited 

've vikings series wanting learn actual viking culture 'm collection general myths beliefs book general living viking society realize broad request similar 1000 1200 years book general american culture 
thing don 't understand tibet part china 1950 's ? wikipedia page doesn 't china conquer tibet agreed treaty ? background story appreciated 
regularly viewing chances enjoy reading history fiction set history 's discuss favourites mine flashman papers george macdonald fraser purporting discovered candid memoirs famous victorian military hero cad bully tom brown 's schooldays series unreconstructed coward bully toady general bounder victorian world fails avoid headlong danger sample blurb flashman dinner handkerchief dropped flirtatious hussy calcutta hotel american history disastrous civil war avoided flash harry spared hair raising adventures misspent life alas arch rotter victorian age resist lure pretty foot latest extract flashman papers finds careering virginian town harper 's ferry john brown gang rugged fanatics fire shot great war slavery hornblower cs forester mild mannered steely naval officer begins midshipman seasick spithead ends admiral fleet baron recommended ernst hemingway literate sample blurb fate europe hanging outcome mission indefatigable horatio hornblower returns sea rank commodore aided small powerful squadron sails bloody vortex nightmare sway alliances save britain 1812 thunderous boom napoleonic terror echoes baltic england 's naval supremacy dependent goods waters hornblower sail heart impending holocaust protect baltic trade surrounded fog ice shoals threatened deadly french privateers incomparable commodore hornblower battles country life war nerves cunning courage decide history world marcus didius falco lindsey davis move sherlock lindsey davis 's cynical roman delator davis deftly portrays hero navigating myriad difficulties conspiracies heart empire cross class love affair senator 's daughter cook enormous turbot titus coming dinner sample blurb marcus didius falco encounters young pretty sosia camillina forum senses immediately amiss confesses fleeing life falco offers mixed deadly plot involving stolen ingots dangerous dark political machinations hazardous helena justina brash indominable senator 's daughter connected traitors falco sworn expose roman mysteries caroline lawrence basically falco kids amazing series devoured kid recommend people children interested history excellent adventures flavia gemina jonathan ben mordecai nubia lupus sample blurb ragged stranger prospect losing family 's fortune lead flavia gemina friends jonathan lupus nubia seaside villa danger treasure close hand insurrection trilogy robyn young maelstrom 13th century scottish politics english imperialism steps robert bruce whilst south edward longshanks proclaimed hammer scots nurtures dreams ruling entire british isles king scotland dead nobles fight succession unaware king edward england plans years edward nurtured fierce vision conquest inspired words ancient prophecy change face britain forever divided land boy grows manhood family torn ambition betrayal path takes smooth serve enemy betray friends finds destiny waiting claim 
live philippines 1970 80s period considered darkest times country 's history president ferdinand marcos instituted martial law pretty dictator life time numerous cases human rights abuses torture assassinations cronism billions dollars funds stolen marcos eventually ousted 1986 died exile 1989 fast forward recent years widow son daughter members extended clan held holding high positions power government son close winning vice presidency recent election long standing issues burial heroes cemetery presidents war heroes national artists scientists generally individuals pride philippines allowed buried marcos president albeit corrupt served world war 2 military record conflicting reports noted lot embellishments fabrications recently supreme court ruled bury heroes cemetery days ago remains rushed interred pretty entire country surprised ceremony hush hush lee kuan yew singapore park chung hee south korea similarities dictators repressed freedoms censored free press speech iron handed dissidents marcos recall major instances corruption regimes extent 10 billion reportedly stolen marcos case marcos policies corruption considered major philippines crushed debt borrowing lot foreign sources building infrastructure pocketing funds side country pay back contrast lee park credited single handedly uplifting countries leading nations asia marcos term led philippines downward spiral questions reddit historians students 1 comparable instances leaders history democratic nations republics ? 2 leaders democracies history books touted villains evil corrupt heroes burials ? populace react ? note 1 've democracies republics monarchies totalitarian states grand ceremony rulers terrible note 2 've stated examples problems caused marcos regime leaders 've faulted bit opposition enemies 'm comparative marcos 
thought supporting nationalists bad portugal small compared spain surely threat agenda nationalist spain ? 've read franco nazi 's fascist italy understandably supported franco don 't portuguese support extremely wing potentially expansionist political military leader inflict big deal damage 
'm writing story set rome circa 100 ad 've locate general info time period point detailed sources ? advance 

've heard japanese thinned time bombs ready exploring discrete channels surrender conditioned keeping emperor truman wanted unconditional surrender bombs japan 's surrender conditioned japan keeping emperor immensity northern attack ussr devastating 2 bombs truman napoleon complex small effeminate compensated picking needless fights eisenhower mentioned belief bombs unnecessary advised understand arguments favoring bombs ? edit generated fantastic comments deeply grateful setting thumbed confusing information knowledge history firm position thumb free kindly ? wrong misinformed beg inform aim original post fine day 
've wondering 've reading medieval infantry people wear didn 't full plate armor ? understanding afford full plate armor armies completely clad full plate people wore gambesons mail didn 't luxury full plate everytime play video game roleplay group thugs mercenaries wear leather armor 've told leather armor simply prevalent hollywood makes studded leather armor supposedly nonexistent cheap suitable historically accurate armor set constitute light medium style armor ? edited interested worn gambesons ? 
kind religious medal glasgow mother inherited distant relative real information link photos http imgur 3jfvw post 'm find family history popped 

'm ta law school remain nameless named students hate 's required 's disaster task find alter current outdated 20 years syllabus make accessible interesting students part worried torts contracts classes 've degree history heard class thrilled dismay spent classes development common law bogged technical discussion writ system chancery courts developed spent month talking courts equity courts law problem teacher makes worse don 't spend time dig topics things cover 're left extremely surface level students learn substantial left generalities courts equity courts law civil law courts common law courts 's literally 's class comparisons months loves history excited 'd suggestions suggested books reading history community 'd teach history class law school 
guys consume historical information casual basis history channel dead guys ? guy 's resources documentaries articles podcasts text 





listen howstufworks podcasts lot remember mentioning kind pipeline metal pipes mirrors heat sun vaporize water steam pressure pump desert completely dismantled start world wars metal popped back head wanted 't find internet don 't remember hundreds podcasts ? 
'm attending rotc 2nd lieutenant army learn important history army famous battles great leaders social 's guys suggestions good books documentaries history army 's accomplishments leaders feats 
gavrilo princip comments showing regret assassinating archdukes wife sophie ? events ww1 knowledge events imprisoned pretty harsh conditions ? 
'm writer 's researching article internment camps united states operated world war ii primary sources share experiences email sharing comments works bit helps provide context human connection raw data 
ancient past societies learned read highschool college ran similar day night theme today primary activities day night time activity time society activities night slept day genuine interest knowledge civilization inhabitants performed duties activities festivals night sleep daylight hours ? 
curious people taught won war lose heard russia fought larger battles german military factor 10 compared battles uk fought german military edit 'm watching oliver stones history netflix pitched history didn 't learn school 's establishment narrative history made post invite information history read history find write wrong incomplete point polite respectful manner 
find goodreads specific books art japan culture books follow specific thing pottery archery cover basically important aspects country civilization books david silvermans ancient egypt books ancient japan aztecs ancient rome ancient greece ancient egypt 
10 national historic landmarks announced month secretary interior sally jewell national park service director jonathan jarvis recognize properties places possess exceptional quality illustrating interpreting heritage united states properties added national register historic places aren listed imgur album image landmark description historical significance site https imgur gallery n8cfw agree induction landmarks ? 
'm curious final piece western roman empire fell heard tangrier morroco pieces roman court retreated dalmatia destroyed kingdom soissons rights inheritor west rome frankish conquest true final roman possession ? 
broke replaced find happened 2nd fall disuse ? usable ? abandon abandoned make sense built massive cable joint european american effort hailed technological innovation day suddenly abandoned sort fanfare faded halls time 
https en wikipedia org wiki vyacheslav molotov fact extraordinary politician year 1912 stalin stalin derived steel creates impression strong man molotov 1915 clever mind play choose molotov derived russian word molotok means hammer tool forge shape steel ? hammer molotov influential prominent choose random gave deep thoughtful meaning 
've researching phillip alexander 've found sources attesting phillip 's character fought men battle compassionate courageous wondering sources similar alexander refer good army generally displaying positive qualities ? 

've looked wikipedia sources online 't find didn 't run thoughts ? 
ling time lurker beginning love learning history night argument caused suffering due empire past empires attempts empire ussr rome mongols sides made strong points grasp history awful stuff worse past ? thoughts ? jump debate hope posted 
hypothetically young guard nazi concentration camps decided kill time playing game cards officers deeds ordered caught superior officer ? give earful abuse 're disgrace hitler ? demote ? make run laps camp ground ? 100 push ups ? 


rashidun caliphate successfully invaded sassian empire persia sassians considered stronger led sunni islam dominant religion region place zoroastrianism vastly changed middle east today examples obscure ? correct facts wrong 
'm searching gor books austria hungary ww1 school project incredibly difficult find book focuses austria hungary sleepwalkers europe war 1914 book pre war period suggestions 
jamestown virginia failed early years established english colony 1650 glassworkers blacksmiths farmers sort products imported 1650 ? sorts things jamestown simply unable produce ? 
feel kinda embarrassed history degree exact reason germanic tribes fighting invade roman territory wars fought marcus aurelius visigothic invasions ? reasons putting trained roman legions ? food shortage disease war armed trained army ? 
people commit duel ? rules ? commit ? guns time people hit shot ? basic questions experts mind time hear hamilton soundtrack 
series youtube called fdr presidency revealed partially wwii remember heard roosevelt boy nickname rosie found coincidental symbol domestic industrial support wwii named rosie evidence subliminal nod roosevelt ? 
picture pre dreadnaught battleship twin screws interested fact blades 'm wondering transitioned blades 
teach european history high school 's general teach middle ages 2 hours week year work alot maps pupils asked year year britanny didn 't conquered franks 's 'm talking large broad terms part frankish empire 'm 
'm writing takes place ww1 examined austro hungarian perspective dolomites alps 'm history books daily lives soldiers climbing mountains mountaineering perspective ? kind gear equipment 't find easily accessible accounts internet crampons thing back mountaineering boots ? hard shell soft shell climbing harnesses ice axes ? kind gear survive ? fighting glaciers fuel eat personal accounts soldiers living daily lives extremely don 't interesting grand histories battles fought names generals numbers casualties maneuvers performed helpful books recommend appreciative historian related specialty man mine brain 
'm reading helter skelter book written prosecuting attorney manson trial states tate labianca murders end era hippies surely murders occurred late 1969 manson trial place 1970 beginning end happened ? 
'm order make music video showcasing humanity 's worst disturbing graphic pertaining war 's sort stuck link la youtube vimeo video link ? 'm thinking ww1 2 vietnam stuff lot worth shedding light including big boys martin luther king jr ghandi straight general acts kindness preferably historical context interested including apollo 11 launch point video suppose part nuts stuff makes gee humans aren 't garbage subreddit responds absolutely link music video finished andrew 
've meaning read mein kampf long time heard recent controversy surrounding german language edition critical notations book entering public domain recommendation similar edition english ? preferably common translation find university library don 't contribute economy book poor google fu turning reviews neonazis 'm edition fact checks claims 
history egypt isn 't 'm knowledgeable rumor 've heard french soldiers egypt reason accidentally intentionally blew sphinx 's nose cannon fire grain truth myth urban legend truth ? 
wikipedia page cold war states stalin surprised security council action defense south korea prior korean war spread communism citations don 't provide easy answer stalin assume korea easily roll communism waste military resources world warfare small country ? 
napoleon primarily invaded egypt stymie british trade india wondering ? suez canal wasn 't constructed time trading egypt silly impossible africa trade india africa surely ? 
hear nazi soldiers aware 've discussion expand allies questions allies ? common knowledge average japanese italian soldier ? governmental individual views ? 
start truman favourite presidents internationalism truman doctrine political decision 21st century saved country uk economic ruin western europe japan south korea taiwan ensured peace stability violent areas world bought closest allies american taxpayer credit deserve quality life countries enjoy today world place west hadn 't policy aid pernicious ideas bay communism islamism today agree dropping nuclear weapons hiroshima nagasaki saved american japanese lives compared invasion question military moral imperative defeating japan simply contained ? remove china protect bases pacific simply point sending young boys throw lives killing young boys japanese island japanese island ? genuine desire satisfactory answer truman hero view aspects foreign policy 
'm books tennessee history specifically middle tennessee cumberland river valley military political history recs 'm interested social cultural history lively nuanced writing period time european expansion civil war ? 

watching mini series world war ww1 accurate germans literally marched head bottle neck facing machine gun ? estimated casualties battle war germans facing brits 500 minutes battle mons sources ? 
've noticed conflicts separate makes sense potential war spill ? 've noticed shared common belligerents varying times 's difficult discern great overlap recommended reading pertaining conflicts early 18th century politics general appreciated doesn 't lot 
told difficult fight ahead propaganda driven point led win easily ? plenty quotes german soldiers opinion american troops fought expecting americans fighting began ? 
recently watched documentary bombers flight 2015 made vulcan called nuclear strike russian cold war ? evade interceptors anti air missiles day ? 
recommendation book covers cold war specifically 1980 's found plenty books attempt cover entire conflict decade specific suggestions ? direct correct subreddit isn 't history 
medieval europe lets 13 15th centuries role nobility play cities mayors ? 's broad pick time period country 've playing ck2 running fantasy game map local region politics area city 've medieval demographics calculator city 17000 dozens noble households nobles noble households 'm 'd ? roles fill ? business part ? barons small fief counts county urban dwellers gentry ? mayors work ? power ? kingdom republic appointed count king elected ? positions hereditary ? 
asked million times wondering knew preferably online sources show salt bought amount gold ancient times ancient times broad egypt romans renaissance period work bit argument friend sticks guns salt worth gold historic times problem idea back time ten pound bag salt basically 11 pounds gold return easy wrong wrong correct 
hoping identify told bullet casing wwi bottom cartridge 47 bottom part kind bullet letting specific bullet type ww1 greatly 
feel question asked badasses history stopped turn tide battle enemy thought wasn 't human 

grandfather 98 years father stories ww2 greek war volunteer immediately sahara days troops lined lunch german planes appeared bombed place killing half allied forces day thinking nazis time ate lunch ? turn lead germans lot organized war efforts allies start war accurate thinking ? isn 't timing impeccable initial bombing greek volunteer troops careless 'line meal open middle war ? text confusing english mother tongue inadequate allies military preparation efforts sahara desert relation germans ? 
pleasure visiting par lead 2 weeks lots ww2 era bunker effects question 'm wondering places englands coast ?? 
found badges basement recently deceased relative early mid 20th century german background alongside found lot reichsarbeitsdienst papers correspondance nazi government badges reich made valuable material id meaning curious http imgur lltkwop jpg 
unrelated historical events examples book meer presence interaction influenced historical event time frame witness unrelated events partook forrest peaking black students integrated central high school alabama kick returner olympic ping pong team shot butt justgumpedin askhistorians removed previous version question 
question weapon 18th 19th centuries ? 's called officer 's fusil officer 's model musket question common ? understand officers time swords albeit rarely pistols ? 
knowledge human body romans important advances inventions sphere ? knowledge lost fall rome information existing eastern roman empire ? 
title curious nature involvement kingdoms scotland france duchy burgundy conflict interested notion find online quote kings france scotland dukes burgundy played factions pledging military financial aid offering asylum defeated nobles pretenders prevent strong unified england making war wikipedia doesn 't give sources recommended readings conflict 
ive good book read 've loved history rome republic empire curious good reddit 'd interested complete history specific periods punic wars caesar worth reading guys found interesting give ideas great favorite places start greatly 


president president military heads wanting japanese evacuation lose patience biddle ahead make fdr sign executive order ? 
hey father enjoys ww2 related 'm find great series full length feature specific battles depth throw suggestions 

western armies time common battles fought close quarters ? officers sabers show ceremony ? days officer purchase saber dress uniform specifically ceremony battles time infantry officers view saber field ? 

kind role food drink play nordic mythology ? similar food drink myths cultures ? basically nordic mythology seeking learn nordic mythology written sources 
reading american history started coming sections read states joined union specially early 19th century made states function joining union ? simply collection settlements spread agreed geographical area ? function sovereign nations ? hope 
basically im type books texts greatest military strategists history art war sun tzu similar terms great tacticians alexander great 
knowledge jewish weren 't discriminated half people time blacks homosexuals hell don 't jewish discriminated white supremacists 1950 60s jewish effect employment make target hate effect relationships people life ? 
've ran dead end researching italian uniforms post 1916 searches overshadowed ww2 websites images alot 1915 uniforms 1916 names photos 
point cold war eastern bloc countries militarily superior forces ? point 's weakest ? understanding 've 1950 quanity quality make difference soviet union 
photos references tudor england paintings king henry viii song lot people claim written long reign king whats ? 
numerous reasons images extremely rare simply 't images footage 've opposing sides armed conflict frame history share ? 
've interested cyrus great kingdoms time babylon media assyria dan carlin 's recent podcast series king kings talks representations cyrus belshazzar babylon recorded bible 'm interested buying copy bible broaden reading topic good versions include historical annotations maps ? 'm reading bible spiritual reasons rules lot study bibles suggestions appreciated 
today method managing subreddit system posts approved visible big noticeable difference decrease rule breaking posts upvotes approve remove single post made history unmoderated posts waiting reviewed visible mod team made volunteers don 't perfect coverage due time zones [1 people things browsing reddit shocking lead problems problematic rule breaking post gained popularity big deal valid question subs big deal history quality quantity content importantly don 't misleading information spread needed bad false history big deal annoying limit people 's actual understanding history importantly history pushing agenda big issue history default subreddit means lot visitors million unique visitors monthly basis aren 't knowledgeable subjects learning default attractive target potential platform sway people isn 't specific simple things page views things false attract visitors ton poorly researched blogs youtube channels websites don 't care history present correct simply care perfect clickbait title entertaining anecdotes attract visitors ideal world time piece false history posted history dozen learned scholars immediately pounce tear submission point point simply put isn 't happen cases information presented plausible means takes average knowledge subject debunk userbase large means 't expect knowledge refute skills experience spot poorly sourced information sheer scale reddit due called fluff principle easy digest rise top factually correct attractive consume fluff principle user voted news site links easiest judge specific measures prevent [2 means basically submissions 1 article takes minutes judge 2 image takes seconds judge time takes person read judge article person image made judgement basically images rise top popular simply takes time vote gather votes faster finally posts problematic reasons posts attract sort behavior discourage reddit reddit long history jokes puns meta comments fine casual subreddits history actual topic discussion low effort fluff comments leads problems post reaches frontpage noticed placing sticky comment keeping close eye rising post make people aware fact visiting jokes casual subreddit late increasingly harder maintain comment quality make isn 't huge issue employ tools form automation historymodbot reminding people post submission statement automoderator flags post rule breaking subject issues automoderator leaves comment posts holocaust posts slip time time mention fact actions automoderator takes confusion annoyance ordinary subscribers case newer accounts automoderator triggers false positive resulting user message post pulled contact final note tools reddit 's spam filter instances blatant topic spam reported downvoted quickly sum switching approve system finely grained approach beneficial quality enjoyment history [1 ongoing mod applications live asia oceania apply link sidebar continents [2 source article paul graham people made reddit http www paulgraham hackernews html 
studying history university view taking gdl law deep interest subject 'm interested opinions worth studying history ? 
charles dickens novella christmas carol scrooge shocked assistant asks leave christmas eve reason perfectly normal work holidays ? 
hear agree ship boat building man 's 'hi tech endeavors ? wrong term term technology ? question boat building type indicator technologies developed time humanity ? awkward thought humanity building kind vessels fits tantrums history things provide idea species develops technology isn 't directly survival advantages resources ? reveal make space day ? 
books give good overview fascist italy ? 'd love find lines rise fall reich combines history real sense day day life academic writing style suggestions ? 
remember hearing bloody wars don 't bad happening statistical probability describing joining military die ? lets 'm probability compare countries ? 
avail pile burn leave animals ? writing story realized didn 't parts lot sites end tools happened parts burning leaving options 
odd figure struck recently aware size military world war 2 12 million fighting forces population nation 130 million time soviet population 170 million aware amount sources http www nationalww2museum org learn education students ww2 history ww2 numbers military html ? odd america side world soviets literally defending exetermination war find odd soviet military small size military odd 't love god understand hell 12 millions ? https en wikipedia org wiki pacific war puts military japanese war 3,6 million overlord 1,4 million battle 600 landed 500 served italy battle el almein total 200 allied forces american give 6 million hell rest ? 
primary sources talk ancient greece contributions field medicine thinking hippocrates 'm work ? 
don 't subreddit 'll 3 crones common theme mythology folk lore witches fortune tellers groups 3 wise tales ancient mythology originate ? 
family genealogy kind weird situation ancestor 1850 1860 census appears lost wife couple children remarried children died knowing big cholera yellow fever outbreak hard winter died things ? 
mom 's uncle member 508 pir dropped day market garden day 508 tasked securing bridge merderet river west sainte glise contentin peninsula recently visit normandy visited battlefield 'd love find info 508 pir specifically photos letters troops great uncle passed late 90s fortune hearing stories hard ass fought hard overcame prejudices poor kid montgomery alabama 's surprising offer assistance cool info regiment 'd deeply indebted interesting side note joining airborne stationed oahu present pearl harbor fought italy 
russell mcintosh cree man fought world war life strongly denied aboriginal ancestry means surviving canadian cultural climate '20s '30s efforts russell couldn 't hide shade skin response mounting tensions mcintosh brothers learned fight fought lot fists quickly garnered reputation toughest native brothers town russell tough things tougher joined military early war began regimented explosives expert funny punishment stealing military vehicle crash dance hall army friend joke 's work worked entirety war transferred europe captured nazi soldiers detonated numerous structures present day eventually shot leg sniper shortly war ended leg badly damaged required year rehabilitation treatment complete military quickly discharged left aid decorated limping badly injured continued support family returned inco mines required law give job back company didn 't put crane follower meaning russell walk day machines dissuade working times leg foot swelled couldn 't remove boot end shift russell rarely spoke pains war worked leg couldn 't bare anymore veterans affairs aboriginal veterans world wars treated class citizen abroad aboriginal soldiers free constraints indian act watchful eyes indian agents back home vets lacked recognition adequate social safety nets proper rehabilitation integration wasn 't '90s government began providing services aboriginal vets surprisingly grandfather outwardly angry dad put end grandpa survivor demons war left remembrance day time acknowledge soldiers veterans gave sake agree product wars person 's selflessness unrecognized remembranceday aboriginalveterans wwii 
tremendous display craftsmanship footage 1904 giant rings made prior modern industrialisation film published library congress ancient history skills demonstrated great videos worth sharing simply marvelling hope enjoy video https www youtube watch ? 2uvogwapg2g 
'm super subreddit apologise advance 'm supposed posting kind topic research college essay amazing woman husband james lived queenston war 1812 1813 americans invaded essentially caught wind american 's plans attack beaver dams decided commanding officer problem james recently injured recent battle queenston heights agreed laura make journey laura walked roughly twenty miles space eighteen hours impressive feat civilian woman ? deal distance worry american soldiers patrol 'unfriendly natives wolves snakes wildcats previously mentioned made trip eighteen hours escorted leg journey natives allied british canadians 's debate knowledge helped articles claim attack secord official recognition 1860 85 prince edward heard story awarded 100 official recognition received lifetime died 93 
historically christmastide started christmas day ran twelve days christmas carol twelfth night january 5th nowadays people start celebrating christmas early december christmas day basically exhausted ends 25th change start happen ? 
bosnian war today worst genocide europe wwii war focused ethnical cleansing muslims balkan perception people alive 1992 1995 give fuck bosnian war discussion thread didn 't war stirrup feelings ? wasn 't geographically relevant care ? media country pay attention ? fact care war reaction ? 
'm book tells story events leading arab israeli conflict 1948 'm specifically interested american perspective lead truman administration recognize support israel recommendations ? 
'm watching gameplay tanks ww1 trenches details actual game costumes weapons accurate compared real war ? 'm curious game environment compares 
history expert friend mine sami people shocked 't recall learning school paid attention history classes school 'm sweden 
watched searchers loved alot racial tension prejudice native americans endured recently recommended friend completely inaccurate describe parts inaccurate ? parts accurate ? 
situation found pretty amused learn recently busted islamic infiltrator german verfassungsschutz gay porn actor point doesn 't situation 's makes jarring details events historical figures importance outstandingly odd ? 
huge difficulty unerstanding ancient culture integration pattern civilizations sumerian ancient egyptian advanced neighbours absorbed advanced civilizations history ? 
've recently interested interpretations reasons cave art mobiliary art good journals articles check ? 'm archaeology apologies information 'm learning advance 

today armistice day thinking war ended 11am happened individual soldiers ? chance trenches talk christmas 1914 ? ordered head back lines allowed contact ? edit title 11am november 11th 1918 
man focused field railroad business gold business ruthless business strategies made gould successful businessman compared businessmen rockefeller morgan mid 1800 ? 
im kinda reddit posts didnt manage find accountant auschwitz jail age 94 accounts camp ? accounting journals income ? 
unanswered simple dumb questions history afraid ? today lucky day note questions tennessee prohibited 

book andrew roberts napoleon life american civil war ? roberts book tells heavy detail troop movements decisions brigade commander campaign napoleonic war focused napoleon read grant 's memoirs aide campaign read book covers grant 's campaigns northern southern generals love book detail battle commanded multiple books suggest ? closely resemble request find nice read love kind books show story commander positioned troops actions shaped reflected battle situations 
online source letters famous figures founding fathers sort ? worth study dont forget groceries dont sift stuff considered uber important interesting primary sources found http www rug nl usa presidents thomas jefferson letters thomas jefferson https www masshist org digitaladams archive letter problem lot dont worth reading kinda sifting wikileaks 
family research found family forbearers participated battle gallipoli commonly commemorated anzac day don 't details digging enjoy reading battle actions recommendations books relating gallipoli firsthand recounts events preferable penned historians wishes 
90 western films tv shows 've depict savage place filled violence debauchery kinds uncivilized behavior pulling knowledge history american west fairly accurate extreme media cultural exaggeration usual ? 
thought leader overthrew facist dramatically improved healthcare education people told brutal dictator breached human rights specifically castro made cubans celebrate death ? 

30 years war biggest wars fought history reduction population german states typically 25 40 suffered total 8 000 000 casualties wich 1,4 world population wich ww1 1,7 population suffered casualties casualties 30 years war bigger casualties american civil war napoleonic wars combined conflict changed europe forever religiously politically superpowers emerged sweden dutch republic protestantism gained bigger foothold europe holy roman emperor lost power barelly recall history lesson 30 years war mentioned live sweden emerged major power europe armies leadership period war 30 years war people europe 

origins hug doesn clear origin explanation act hugging began instinctive acts humans share primates express love consolation comfort word hug simply semantic method express ancient emotional response hug free dictionary true ? http www randomhistory hugging history html 
meaning language spoken understood years english heavily modified understandable years ago language understood long ago ? 

researching interesting man family home town formulating bit conspiracy theory early 1900 man family made fortune clothing store small midwestern town depression 4 banks area closed guy decided community started bank 1934 bank successful made millions millions question difficult start private bank 1934 ? decent bank account ? 
west 'd roman empire east arab empires rashidun umayyad abbasid 
research ww2 parts oft world australia zealand isnt information internet thinks clever idea ve questions involved happenings ? people die ? send peolpe allies fight axis powers ? guys 
things bothered years 've delved deeply finding answer japan 'd expect tiny island nation repeatedly wrong side history incredibly weak world power 're ? primarily eurocentric educational perspective hear japanese history begins mentioning samurai mention picking wrong side wwii nuked spontaneously springing 80s slipping dominant substantial world position today question japan world 's powerful economies militaries tech hubs things hear related japanese history tend bad things ? 
high school interest history imagine disappointed father history teacher found interested history love compiled history chronological order basically entirety civilization present day commute 3 4 hours day audio book tv series preferable 've looked asked number people luck bbc 30 40 episode documentary watch shit recommendations greatly appreciated 
advise informative neutral historical treatments chinese british relations naive surprise online sources propagandist disinterested 
reading biography peter great illustrated people opinions contemporary historian great suggest due role cementation russia western culture possibly enemy country 's culture laws reforms forced relocation thousands nobles capital moscow st petersburg deserve title great ? 



understand canadian inferiority complex history remembrance day 'm proud heritage learn 've read pierre berton recommend great books canadian history ? 
posted askreddit thought historians recently discovered lysander spooner people knew pretty cool beard great 
black mirror episode men fire claimed firing rate soldiers number men fired weapon world war ii 30 stated stricter boot camp procedures brought rate 90 range korean vietnam wars soldiers firing aimed high purposefully miss targets statement made fictional tv show grain salt extent statistics accurate ? 
separate equal effect establishments segregate bathrooms ? sex race ? 4 restrooms race sex ? 2 unisex bathrooms caring races separate sexes ? explain 

'm bad question dad argument factual integrity accurate happened father agree nonetheless 'm curious 
books documentaries german unification couldn 't find find overviews 19th century devoted chapter topic book find wars german unification dennis showalter wondering read thought ? 
'm actual scan original book text versions 'm curious [greek characters pop times 't find actual scan sate curiosity 's sites selling apparently scans book don 't trustworthy 

reading spain 's civil war found author online csnt find wikipedia page guy find obituary written son gaurdian https www theguardian theguardian 2009 jun 16 obituary harry browne credible sources life work ? time posting hope isn 't subreddit rules 
live uk give preliminary level age 16 18 subjects uk residents choices end tomorrow completely set choosing history choices issue 'routes route called dictatorship democracy focuses german history 1918 1989 rise fall italian fascism 1911 1946 english monarchy fifteenth century draws similarities current gcse focused favourite area history twentieth teachers teaching route lucky avoid route named revolution evolution features civil war conflicts england 1625 1701 impacts french revolution britain avoided revolution nineteenth twentieth centuries emergence political forces mass media trade unions suffragettes route easily teachers subject arguably school prior experience period history question route ? view route interesting worth studying years university 's perspective route matter ? view favouring route combination teachers fifteenth century history made rethink studied route period worried choosing finding interesting route love opinions love history grateful advice give 
map guilielmo blauew bulgaria place 's top asia word barbaria north africa shows map ancient map accurate explanation finland shown part russia ?? 

big wwi binge past 9 months managed read major recommended books couldn 't find warring parties dealt aftermath happened silence accident friend climbing suggested story george mallory 's everest expedition adventure book silence nation heal disastrous war mallory fellow mountaineers involved wwi soldiers doctors affected war left seeking redemption everest goal unite give common purpose move trauma wider sense everest expedition source pride england people needed escapism journey mallory companions gave dreary aftermath wwi hope 
'm talking girl germany age 17 've explained american history told aztec mayans idea understood irrelevant learn germany stuck didn 't colonizations americas spanish french british fact german history 

comet hit graham suggests seemingly strong evidence caused massive worldwide flooding large portion civilisation wiped civilisations claims advanced text books begin history civilisation rebooting event idea doesnt sound conspiratorial ive heard 's copped lot heat considered provide evidence makes sense evidence produces feel legitimate dont history books hard figure version fetched 
seriusly blows mind simple cult beggining managed survive persecutions whats exact reason success ? religions decadency ? rome destroy ? 
dear history history student desperate transcript goering 's speech encircled sixth army stalingrad working paper german national socialists receptions antiquity interested speech due references spartan stand subsequent defeat thermopylae luck finding speech online reaching guys apologize breaking rules posting request amazingly grateful sincerely 
'm read seminal analysis american society bought copy friend quick research dug disagreement scholars translation knowledge dia suggestion ? 
recently watched play fiddler roof main parts play jewish people descriminated forced homes soviet union learned wondering true time 


'm talking creation story enki ea flood story ziusudra monotheism akhenaten moses sargon akkad thrown river rescued royalty lucifer filling prometheus archetype 'd peer reviewed history directions religious friends 's evidence true ancient religion existed back day responses assertion ? 've ba history focus medieval europe ancient stuff 3 advance edit formatting 
time russia big weren 't parts wanted independence countries part land ? imagine months news parts country time troops 
love war games total war rome shogun atilla playing atilla earlier wondered clean corpses fallen soldiers battles ? responsibility country battle place reason ? 
'm reading gandhi 's autobiography praising wordings stories read women roof changed image man 's grand leader nonetheless 'm historical expert fits description figures history completely morally good ? clarify gandhi good man guess 'm people gandhi jfk leaders supporters masses unlike gandhi jfk completely good caring people closest privacy 
social contruct leads double standard guys girls sleeping logically doesn 't make sense morally wrong girl pure straight foward hook guy 1 start ? 2 happen ? figured historians human nature social construct based findings 
recently interested muslim world noticed things recommended romantic histories written muslim apologists narratives historical evidence things interest history islam objective discussion islamic christian versions narratives depart issues concepts history kaaba shiite sunni major issues contribute political problems today pretty broad 'd literature recommendations don 't mind reading islamic perspectives issues long substantiated supported evidence sources quran 
't find books esotericism point view esotericism false shouldn 't follow esotericism true path books subject historical perspective ? 
coffe friends smoke curious people 1500 1900 roll cigarettes sort papper ways ? tobacco industry today start grow 
examples historical individuals perception public time drastically changed held time person 's life positive negative perception napoleon mild compared alive 

richard nixon remembered watergate scandal assortment illegal activities administration eventually led resignation administration lot good things improved lives millions people examples 1 withdrew forces vietnam ended draft 2 created environmental protection agency 3 created occupational safety health administration 4 negotiated arms control treaties soviet union 5 opened foreign relations china personal level paranoid asshole fair legacy overlooked watergate ? 
find information hit bit wall 1916 115 absorbed 112 helps relative 115 'm curious combat possibly 
wondered difference nation empire holy rome empire geographically smaller diverse soviet union knowledge generally considered imperial difference ? 
modern day competitive officer british military enlisted infantry soldier military pls platoon leaders west point hard military school awards made highly distinguished ranger tab competitive officer competitive wwi wwii soldiers needed ? bachelors degrees automatically made officers ? process soldiers officer back ? process fighter pilot wwi wwii ? fighter pilot competitive pretty akin wanting movie star reach goal people couldn 't find lot information satisfied questions time replying back 
read tom holland 's rubicon touches fall roman republic rise conception empire series questions seemingly answered book augustus reformed state transforming de facto empire claimed republic function autocratic absolutist state command senate people ate idea convinced republic function ? simply ready board augustus 's concept absolute imperium state ? 
history classes school instructors glossed slavery 's true atrocities don 't blame touched subjects recently 20 year found literal slave farms maryland richmond virginia entire compounds dedicated sexual reproduction slaves puppy mills today forced wanted sex mothers sons fathers daughters cousins siblings tied put bag heads forced rape knew found alternatives slaves trans atlantic trade abolished imagined grotesque 
watched movie free state jones flight yesterday end states period army control states enforce laws 
defining fascism combination nationalism violence machoism xenophobia charismatic leadership merging business military government interests question weather historical examples electing fascist leadership return democratic institutions examples mussolini hitler eventually democracy restored leaders left power major conflict 
berlin wall rest german split east west mystierious don 't understand casue reason split district allied nation split ideologies ? didn 't east east berlin give earlier ? didn 't eastern government realize shit people east berlin literally died side ? split big impact cold war ? good sources thing share 
'd start watching documentaries ancient subjects documentaries hbo netflix wwii regurgitations understand popular due footage 'd watch ancient babylon norman conquest suggestions find ? 

clear division canadians continental american colonies ? didn 't canadians similar effort independence join americans ? expanding territories boarders natural west easily 100 kilometers north ? 
'm curious ? prove sort pre columbus connection ? 

'm open suggestions era 've interested learn great depth education recommend good books era conquests achievements gustavus adolphus ? love learning battle plans tactics limited knowledge man understand master craft 
report japanese internment camps couple years ago question answered internment camps worked camps terrible reflects worst eras american history work ? words japanese spy caught internment camps ? internment camps stop 1 2 japanese spies camps absolute failure imprisoned loyal japanese americans intent helping japan ? disclaimer 'm support internment camps silver lining internment japanese americans prevent attack 
chronological narrative walks president president major issues dealt motivation request tend forget half presidents feel reading chronology context transition made curious previous 43 transitions 
reading bit bengal famine point author mentioned churchill allowed 80,000 tons wheat barley author mentioned sending barley worthless fight famine context true ? 

unanswered simple dumb questions history afraid ? today lucky day note questions tennessee prohibited 
started due fall soviet republic ethnic conflict details azerbaijan pro western pro russia question armenia conflict proxy war teachers conflict deal oil economic gain 
recently read book winter war wondered mannerheim finnish millitary commander differently book reading guys interesting give history book ? 
easily vast majority people world fascinated north korea general 's history civilian life military government healthcare foreign relations ideas knowledge truth hear north korea amazing hardworking civilian workers pyongyang endless stream information amount information literally space http imgur mes1f91 jpg examples time held similar reputation ? discovered future ? closely speculations people living time actual reality ? 
history bit opinion posting impactful images wwi doesn 't necessarily gory depressing shows humanity galleries links previous similar threads hugely appreciated 

'm book summarizes presidents biographically including terms personal lives 'm individual biographies online knowledge bases wikipedia stretch 'm hoping partisan recommendations 
macedonian pike phalanx fighting style fine macedonian syrian epiran 
trading weapons understand independent entity make armament common nations rely foreign weaponry arm armies ? 
hey guys 'm wondering historically related events conventions gatherings world wide ? 's mission find online nature tanks life fairs 'm interested compiling list hopes visit cheers 
reading missouri compromise made line free states slave states 36 30 north geographic coordinates existed 1820 trouble finding system invented 
wanted discuss topic history interested doesn 't acknowledged brought economic imperialism americas specifically raise question americas benefit economic imperialism ? background issued monroe doctrine prevent european intervention affairs countries latin america central america caribbean practicing colonialism latin america albeit usa directly annex colonize latin american territories time install pro regimes wing dictatorships united states government american companies ease access operation control resources labor americas governments francois duvalier haiti jorge ubico guatemala batista cuba somoza dynasty nicaragua personally rich companies operating respective countries whilst people suffered due unequal wealth distribution government abusing people instances exist petty dictators rich things panama canal remained owned recently united fruit killed people fruit production guatemala due constant backed dictators exist region political stability ensued el presidente likes jacobo arbenz spoke form colonialism guerrillas communist lead insurgencies governments civil war clash imperialism americas lot governments changing handful civil wars question raised beneficial countries americas ? 
alright ap world history class learning 1400 1550 puzzeld europeans sail africa port gulf suez red sea gulf aden straight indian ocean ? restriction ? shallow ? excuse question sort 'dumb geniunley confused teacher sick 't answer emails question 'stupid silly refrain answering answering taking time read tl dr learning apwh 1400 1550 euros sail africa ? psb 
recently read famine turkish sultan ships aid irish act solidarity compassion muslim propagated story recently wanted find truth taqiya happen ? 've blogs recite tale shared evidence town historian 's officials drogheda place aid supposedly delivered claim story romantic myth 
've researching history women stem fields 'm interested learning women pre 18th century women contributed science hypatia agnodice cool ladies made radar digging deeper love learn women western culture 
wars end public opinion world war ? point public opinion completely veered opposite direction war ? censored press days pretty lorries full wounded men shifted opinion rightly quick staggering casualty figures public knowledge 1918 ? 
'm starting learn art literature 've studied school 'm lazy reasons thinking concepts movements discussed philosophers people time didn 't possibility learn question find plausible ? informations thought famous people past idk napoleon ? great roman emperor ? realized modern concepts psychological concepts ? famous visionary past ? bad english 's language find difficult explain thoughts language 
find good documentaries early american history gold rush times colonial times interested early american history havent found good documentaries 
bought [this http imgur gallery zkwgb crate years ago don 't ideas ? 
war 1812 united states government gave winfield scott large custom made gold medallion service winfield scott medallion safety deposit bank york night bank robbed safety deposits emptied morning bank employee looked safety deposit box winfield scott contents empty medallion thief eventually captured asked left medallion thief replied money city bank knew medal scorned soldier gratitude country 
adolf hitler soldier ww1 ww1 german empire ottoman empire ally 1941 adolf hitler letter ismet inonu president republic turkey ataturk german turkish aggression pact signed nazi germany turkey june 18 1941 ankara http imgur dzmz3 adolf hitler turkey ww1 ww2 ? turkey true ally ww1 didn 't attack turkey ? 
'm completely period indian history previously studied move independence 're covering year class wanted ahead game wondering familiar time reasons decline downfall mughal empire ? 
incredibly depth learning holocaust schools don 't spend day didn 't back high school talking armenian ukrainian cambodian genocides combined ? 
vikings world ca 1000 columbus 1492 long europeans atlantic ocean ? carthage great navel unit aswell greeks 'm aware fact ships build renaissance made easier battle adverse winds higher seas fact vikings questioning empire carthaginians decided discover world edit meant 'civilizations title civilization 
'm information day day life laws government clothing food weaponry incan aztec mayan civilizations caveat prefer sources easy understand digested comfortably bus ride work recommendations ? 
teach social studies bible alternative high school risk youth 're underfunded private school blessing curse don 't pre approved curriculum follow limited teach constantly free resources found great resources cuban revolution missile crisis bay pigs haitian revolution reddit big hits classes 'm 'm starting unit vietnam history class holidays 'm links pdfs primary secondary sources dbqs class simulations thinks helpful wishes learned high school 
specifically leading battle stalingrad paper subject sources videos books articles nice advance 
http imgur nhgw1uh jpg mother piece quilt great grandmother put box decades ago 'd newspaper make patterns sewn quilt squares read found interesting 'm great grandson white son african american imagined great great grandson black living time article written 
summarize point ww2 history aca deca book social science love feedback professorial history buff social science textbook academic decathlon https drive google file 0b142v5rl grrm212mfh6efrheuu view presentation draft https docs google presentation 1fd1unahnz1qj2zn3znm4yrtndud lqntu73fav9qa48 edit slide id g1978c197aa 0 0 apreciate friends student teaching 
'm making game man 's life 1940 's japan big history buff japanese lifestyle customs man living militarized city time links websites greatly appreciated 
don 't indirect responsibilty hitler stalin direct people 's deaths including murderers executioners military personnel guess guy dropped bomb hiroshima 

writing paper thinking mentioning realized idea googling relevant countries church tax sweden denmark fought holy roman empire 30 years war ended winning switzerland historically calvinist thing note today croatia doesnt give tax number organization depending demographics due special agreement find details type question dont send pm leaving side note damn hard nice usernames days edit sitting f5 history make mind likes 
've heard presidents george washington thomas jefferson abraham lincoln theodore roosevelt franklin roosevelt great jobs presidents don 't recognition deserve ? 

thought history subreddit interested medals great grandfather lionel walter brooks served fireman ambulance driver wwii training raf completed training posted burma war ended left http imgur 3d63o photo quality isn 't great 

bin lurking time start learning human history form beginning foe book online site don 't thing list book order human history find caus effect ripples history interesting learn modern world break rules repost 
narrative device countless movies tv shows novels happened ? question answer 's longest amount time 's false identity believed identity ? 's true identity found 100 years death ? 
basically thinking afte conquest ? read catholics orthodox weren 't vatican thought news ? link source 

watching phenomenal documentary history points truman responsible dropping atomic bomb generals militarily unnecesary morally egregious starting cold war isolating alienating stalin ww2 starting precedent supporting anti communist regimes people starting communist witch hunt post ww2 encouraging nuclear armament russia mutual dismantlement wallace supported starting cia creating notion international police force potentially 'm forgetting wondering extent responsible things fact responsible things remembered fondly ? 
event served death blow real chance hitler winning war ? 'm expert means loss battle bulge candidate lot hail mary makes death blow successful landings day candidate ? war failed ? point advancing france ? event ? 'm thinking specifically broader timeframe ? 
dumb question history weapons 'gentleman rich noble man 's man expected ? weapons considered classy men ? middle ages bow arrow considered unmanly ? 

recently playing 'hearts iron 4 great war mod wondering made hms dreadnought revolutionary class ship ? seperated called 'pre dreadnought naval vessels ? 
'm curious book podcast video focuses primarily gurkhas ? 'm fascinated dedication abilities amazing soldiers 'm curious british maintain gurkha units modern era nepalese citizens recruitment work ? citizenship granted make gurkha units ? 
languages belong unique language tree amazed map hungaria located finland relationship people languages ? http goran baarnhielm net mercator varldskarta 1538 hela gauss autocontrast jpg 'm studying hyperborea history tartarya russia moscovia 
world war considered war nationalism triumphed ? nationalism contribute origins wwi affect war ? impact versailles settlement ? 
medieval russia resources imperialist conquests asia improving life normal russians ? peter great 's reforms change ? 


've interested learning persian rulers cyprus great darius great interesting videos books persian rulers lot humanitarian rulers king time 
scene apocalypto boats start arrive land europeans describe side world ? imagine 've easily tricked natives ships modern tools natives 
writings cinema publications suggest washington offered arnold battlefield command major general southern army gates failure camden case southern army arnold greene morgan possibly ended war sooner yorktown 

searching cartoons web find hoping find found good comment link explain meaning 
europe strategy uk promised forces fight germany entered world war ii concentrated forces fighting japan invasion normandy 1944 ? 
apologize subreddit type question redirection greatly appreciated http imgur cxrsp december 2015 father diagnosed terminal liver cancer morning driving oncology appointment hands small bag tells 's family looked inside bag contained small pocket sized book german medal father didn 't grandfathers served word war 1 german army brought book work inquired contents worker loves reenactments informed ww1 soldbuch medal iron cross class discovered certificate awarded medal areas stationed parts translated shocked find leaf clover pages guess bring luck time hope enjoy pictures book delicate didn 't damage unfolding 
picture map 's dated 1772 bit 's 4 years usa independence https upload wikimedia org wikipedia commons 0 08 1772 vaugondy diderot map california alaska 28 anian 5e quivira 29 geographicus californie vaugondy 1772 jpg map find tolm regnum https upload wikimedia org wikipedia commons 6 67 1772 vaugondy diderot map asia 2c alaska 2c northeast passage geographicus russiaasiaene vaugondy 1772 jpg strange maps author https commons wikimedia org wiki category robert de vaugondy mysterious places kingdoms ? 
engaging account rasputin 's life unique historical figure rags prominence occult struggling find highly recommended book 

pentagon papers released nixon feel censor sue nyt ? contained incriminating information lbj nixon care gulf tonkin incident fabricated ? 
studying china college reads relating japan relegated relationship countries effect meiji restoration qing dynasty china books attempt sum history quickly instance contemporary ancient 200 pages delve deeper pre restoration history suggestions greatly appreciated 
reading book lithuanians hard labor learn germans coming land happy countries annexed soviet sharing feelings lithuanians talking ? 
guys figured possibly place question find history properties specifically genealogy family ? make suggestions put question subreddit reddit na ve subreddit front 
interested edwardian era long society britain ? empire peak world wars optimism today ? view members society classes women immigrants white folk ? codes conduct rules views controversial topics abortion suffragette movement ? britons view allies enemies colonised countries ? fighting ? events shaped time period life generally ? information pictures sources links provided videos included 
recently nasty discussion women warfare 'm history scholar means studied roman history law school read couple primary sources accounts 's fun women participated military confrontations cultures caesar mention specific germanic tribe de bello gallico memory failing japanese [a warrior women class https en wikipedia org wiki onna bugeisha participation small scale counterpart arguing invading scandinavian army 30 women fight melee vanguard common scholar knowledge proved [this article http www tor 2014 09 02 female viking warriors proof swords sensationalist click bait surprise people generally agree insanely upvoted praised enluminures accounts art suggest women extensively soldier warfare 10 illustrations feudal japan battles find onna bugeisha hanging wrong history buffs give 2 cents subject ps native speaker typos occur 

classwork built inspiration cyrus ? dyrus rebuild ? ? conquered egypt ? cyrus darius ? 
weren 't armors ? chain mail good deflecting chops great deflecting pierces thrusts practical experience scale mail protect things cheaper repair buy plate armor ? wrong ? reason armors weren 't ? 
'm college fall 2017 've accepted uga southern 'm tech major cs absolutely clue decide southern transfer tech uga chances transferring tech gpa won 't high southern uga 4 years gpa high tech 4 years high gpa opportunities 've heard college doesn 't matter cs degree leaning 4 years uga advice 
weeks ago scheduled site interview company week found today company site interview overlaps interview company change interview date company email company 's recruiter reschedule site date mentioning reason 'm starting worry blew negatively impacted chance hired company situation badly hurt chances ? 
ladies gents enrolled courses semester don 't field thinking taking hard classes current class schedule 15 credits hard upper division math computer science courses 3 credits easy introductory cs classes alternatively easy classes socialize semester dumb hard classes sake learning ? wasting time ? putting disadvantage taking hard classes ? iamnotarobotter 
graduated 6 months ago bachelors electrical engineering industry working power systems wanted find entry level programming job started programming sophomore year college 2.5 years ago decent thing noticed takes long algorithms problem college problem today lot practice college start projects early spend lot time knowing thinking things long time feel won 't code fast whiteboard interview today don 't 4 hours implement heap lines code 've longer looked textbook don 't 's develop algorithms faster 've problem years advice greatly appreciated 
? 
reddit enrolled associates degree software development local college live indiana isn 't greatest state find job coding field wondering experienced people finding job field massive field cold feet find job future reason job ads amount experience bachelors degree wondering find job inexperienced bachelors degree doesn 't pertain searching job coding day future degree matter ? employers care experience ? info insight situation job future appreciated note faq related pages aren 't loading device apologize questions answered 
'm small team programmers tech related company boss 's grandson coming tomorrow interested computer science 've asked sit hour 's 'm wondering make interesting make web apps government exciting thing kid ideas interesting 13 year ? edit suggestions turns 13 year olds ended making meme generator good time 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 

unconventional appearance hinder chances employer ? hair dyed unnatural color tattoos piercings 've pictured tech world pretty accepting place 
title 'm openings related web development 've job searching september thought 's time found 'm applying 20 search results big question didn 't learn web development courses teach marketable ? employers mind taught proficient learned classroom job environment ? edit matters 'm searching terms java developer programmer software developer application developer 
feel fizzbuzz basically cliche interview question expect job applicants time problem learn interview ? 
international 3rd semester student sheridan college canada 3 year 6 semester [this computer science program https academics sheridancollege ca programs computer systems technology systems analyst op january semester don 't semester pretty bummed keeping good gpa 3.85 4 back home india 10 days stress release kind 4 months make op 4th semester certifications ? ? thinking ccna pretty complete 4 months 2 courses similar grades programming ? literally eating thankyou responses 
feel challenged work common ? finished junior year cs 
implement graphs interview ? 's pretty complicated data structure 't implement scratch guys implement graph java ? list matrix ? 
've technical interviews company phone call engineering manager made clear call technical assume 's culture fit made lol wondering questions differ point ? 
religion small talent software development bring favourite things create career career lord 's work ? skills work earth ? praying waiting 
'm choosing [introduction modern cryptography http cse ucsd undergraduate courses descriptions cse 107 introduction modern cryptography [introduction parallel computing http cse ucsd undergraduate courses descriptions cse 160 introduction parallel computing 'm year school starting google software engineer graduation computer engineering choose courses round software engineer give increased staying power industry learn basic fundamental high level theory foundation computer science serves give intuition basically 'm workforce 's 'm taking [theory computability http cse ucsd undergraduate courses descriptions cse 105 theory computability [programming languages http cse ucsd undergraduate courses descriptions cse 130 programming languages principles paradigms [compiler construction http cse ucsd undergraduate courses descriptions cse 131 compiler construction don 't computer engineering major 3 courses listed required computer science majors note don 't plans specializing moment 'm year plans grad school industry immediately reasons choose parallel computing google likes system design scalability author wrote cracking coding interview 's good idea familiar introduction parallel computing reasons choose modern crypto google lists cryptography guide technical development https www google guide technical development html thoughts ? advance 
applied internship goldman sachs year made super day bombed interview onsite cs interview nerves 'm senior applying entry position worth mentioning cover letter interview make rejected year 'm interested working full time developer ? companies record past interviews ? interview year work ? 
'm startup jobs actively applied cto responded day call meet exploratory discussion office mentioned day leave current employer attend full day interview won 't meet evening exploratory discussions ? asked code ? 
beginning internship advice sort tasks internship computer science field ? code java projects assignments 've class carry workplace advice prepare ? 
'm 17 3 grade high school started programming age 11 competitions high school main subjects programming thinking interning local company couldn 't find explicitly offer internships high scholars university students questions companies expect ? incredibly good internship mediocre knowledge ? kind projects worked order hire kinds desirable ? companies incentive hire high scholars interns couple years full time workers profit ? 'd listed topics learned school backtracking dynamic programming lists binary trees graphs 'd clarification interning works reading 'm made grammatical mistakes english native language 
hey sql project mysql school involved order form creating relational diagrams making tables basically base back end manage orders coming include github basic ? future reference tips suggestions put project github ? 
offer internship summer '17 goldman sachs amazon 've badly wanted work google didn 't year 'll graduating 2018 choose ? job goldman sachs fucking amazing super cool distributed computing low level abstraction layer custom language quants excited understand job amazon fairly interesting 's image processing gs gig 'm finance interning internship finance firm make tougher apply full time offer google graduation ? gs amazon 's tougher ? 
technology learn guys ? knew java core oop concept java web technology html css js jsp servlet android android learn faster java web ? 
live nyc weeks bootcamp 've learned stuff express node js react ruby reinforced understanding js html css fear didn 't choose super prestigious bootcamps wait lines interview processes long year throw money ? bootcamp grads people great finding employment advice recommended order things ? plan making stuff putting github stalking people interviews school effect salary ? salary range eligible nyc area ? college education lot major requirements computer science degree data science discrete structures java portions variety math classes number theory combinatorics highlight potential employers ? lastly resources preparing interviews ? 'm proficient rationalizing algorithms neat functions rooted logic math advance guys feel 'm low point life 'm 20 's steady job 
thread discussions big 4 questions related big 4 offers doggy benefits companies big 4 ? posts focusing solely big 4 created thread removed abide rules don 't jerk thread posted sunday wednesday midnight pst previous big 4 discussion threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? big +4 +discussion restrict sr sort 
interviewed onsite uber weeks ago grad sd position received response ? assume rejected ? people received responses long ? 
coursera hackerrank weeks ago heard back ago considered interview aced hackerrank test passed test cases easily 'm questions correct resources interview time happened wondering common happened people found kind unprofessional made time day hackerrank test space avaliable space avaliable leads screen resume sending test 
https www interviewcake resources learn topics ? 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
year bsc computer science year 'm decide job field summer order foot door option return hometown 200 km girlfriend making 30k 4 months thoughts ? edit clarify summer job related cs couldn 't resume 's solo manual labour job 
've invited finish line event offers ? offers previous finish line events offer preferred locations ? 'm interested entry swe position bay area 
'm midst making tough decision feedback 'd give choosing interning ml intel ml 'd embedded software intel 'd rtl design microprocessor extremely appealing pay 'd learn ton experienced people 'd happy accept 't pull trigger 
cscareerquestions questions applying master 's program attend top 50 cs program undergraduate studies calculus 1 calculus 2 applied statistics math courses required undergraduate degree apply 3 +2 year ms program math required linear algebra calculus based statistics question applying competitive master 's programs stanford princeton berkeley ? extensive math experience ? makes difference master 's artificial intelligence undergraduate major concentration ai math courses taking university discrete math calculus 1 +2 applied statistics linear algebra math classes accepted competitive master 's program ? 'd prefer avoid math classes 'm afraid heavier workload future stand par accepted students 
main priority entry level development work internship break field introductory programming courses degree foundational courses data structures algorithms organization finish semesters working projects free time don 't necessarily funds bachelors masters moment plan finish job masters online gain experience bachelors disqualified cs ? high level math physics courses bachelors degree 'm guessing employers care designation bit heard programming meritocratic fields stringent designations 
'm final year cs student uk applying graduate roles atm places london 'm finding good companies manchester 's life tech industry ? 
'm computer scientist 'm good scss green fielded web app learned js frameworks thing functional object oriented programming don 't portfolio original designs write css html back school switch careers fall job 'm learn js framework design personal project resume job quit august temp work css ? titles job boards ? 've css developer ui developer js heavy designer title portfolio prototyper doesn 't thing 'm san francisco 
find easier learn foreign language programming language ? 
received nice offer direct competitor bumping 75k current employment 95k companies big 's 50 employees double clutch conflict restraint clause 6 months unenforceable 5 months unenforceable 4 months unenforceable 3 months 've told competitor boss friendly terms boss talk accept restraint clauses prevent stealing clients software engineer exposure dealing clients shouldn 't matter great opportunity coincidentally job competitor 's hr 's likes things book adhering rules feeling strangely guilty accept uncomfortable accepting job guess accepted offer competitor good terms ? fallout burning bridges current colleagues employer ? advance 
accepted offer fortune 500 company selected location email 'm intern pick location common ? differences expect situation versus interns location ? 
'm put predicament month 'm working work term company completed prior 2 work terms employed 2nd 3rd work term current part time employee job means income rents groceries beer recently company afford hired semester school work 9 5 recently part time programming jobs jobs make hours work remotely week call back jobs found mutual contact position full 9 5 back school work term ending december position job interview experience knowing job unable work job productive thing waste time ? 
3 4 bachelor 's degree cs loans grants taking dried don 't 'm good position home wise finish 'm proceed point advice paths forward life info basically full time dad part time job living girlfriend 2 jobs works 7 days week supporting 'd case anymore don 't lot quiet time work things make working things 
resume parser friendly red flag haven 't thought 
people focus industry internships wanted universities institutions offer good research internship programs international students experience 
applying crazy received interviews idea incorrectly stackoverflow monster dice remoteok craigslist updated linkedin profile position feel learning anymore work team mentor decade years experience intelligent work basic automation crud full stack web dev net progress learn curious wrong austin tx portland areas remote 2 years experience bs cs don 't years current position don 't 10 years position programmer advice resume holding back ? 
work company ee thing 'm computer science ms student paying degree department wont wont install unapproved software installed computer unapproved software includes programming languages work java python matlab octave ironically java office 'm bs 'm ee title 'm cs ms haven 't asked autohotkey hurts career progression sort 't gain experience field languages workplace benefit workplace lots ideas occasionally problem damn python shell calculation damn automate keypresses 100 line input matlab industry standard software minitab truth told 've code environments online built standard windows office environments 'm 's allowed 'm engineering department work doesn 't care doesn 't department doesn 't understand 'm cs knowledgeable person engineering pretty apathetic ideas 'm leaving months 'm wondering common workplace restrictive 
'm codility test advice experience algorithms data structures interviews prepare leetcode ctci terms topics types questions ? real technical screen process wrong expecting challenging ? 
recently invited super days wondering kind questions told behavioral interview technical interview tour facility jersey wondering process technical part 
good companies hire software engineers europe google twitter facebook cloudera big ? start interviewing people summer 2017 ? google twitter facebook cloudera started interviewing people ? 
'm recently graduated ba english pretty quickly learned programming job qa analyst job duties akin jr qa engineer 's huge difference jr qa engineer official title 'm qa engineer company today manager messaged linkedin requesting change title jr qa engineer qa analyst love feedback general asshole conflating title slightly represent overreacting ? makes difference made title didn 't exist company 
switched cs taking oop java class discrete math feel java projects due unclear instructions feel good prepare ? books ? guidance appreciated ? 've free code camp thrown ? 
bit chicken egg problem learned university internship 've job requirements computer science requires pre existing experience software don 't consumers access drupal nhibernate jenkins admin maven ant scrum kanban hadoop microsoft bi matlab mongodb 
title questions cs internships 1 hometown town college small rural travel 5 hours town internship opportunities company interning pay travel ? housing ? 2 social aspect ? idea land staying friends family sort scary housed interns ? events parties companies ? 'm worried ending circle work sit apartment sleep 3 ambitious country internship people close home ? curious experience life big cities eventually live advance 
'm halfway year feel 'm burning made app group project building ground honestly miserable things 've felt started dislike computer science closer graduation ? career affect feeling ? 
asked 2 sum top 5 tech company didn 't 2 pointer solution earlier made logic interviewing works compiles time 1 space http ideone ejnf6p typical common interview question didn 't 2 pointer approach time code interview lasted 30 minutes explained thought process rejected interview wrong ? expect code things super fast ? 
freshman make full opportunities front learn 's mistakes ty 
'm junior college wanted learn differences types companies financial perspective 's advantage working public company big 4 private company palantir private company public airbnb limited knowledge stock options public company worth good amount stock options possibly worth ipo private company private company doesn 't ipo ? compensation basically lot thought ? advantages joining private company public company financial view ? 
start internship winter company works field 'm interested public transit development method outdated admit 's waterfall technologies lot homemade tools clients cities barely change software ten years 've told team great conditions good 'm afraid experience useless modern development setting lot things 're told school 'm afraid frustrated slow heavy process thought ? 
ive reading abouot people 's experiences questions 've asked knowledge im yr studying cs past 3 months didnt learn data structures algorithms interview focus kind stuff resume listed android apps built recreational programming compared algorithmic competitive programming wrote python java thing im intermediate level dont implement question hiring managers questions depending year uni understand didnt learn complex basics pretty typically yr uni student ? 
'm answer proves disproves existence correlation 'm personal anecdotes good competitive coding make confident industry ? skill worth investing time solely conjunction projects working knowledge algorithms afford skill set ? 
hey guys bachelor 's science unrelated field punch cs career studying full time certified salesforce developer platform back end front end development moving management logical business tool lends long project durations problem entry level positions require 3 years experience training placement indian consultancy working ridiculous success stories people good jobs real experience training cheap 1000 chose ui android bootcamp 14k job close home tx bootcamp wasn 't feasible find salesforce dev job tx eventually odds market bootcamp ? guess forked money wait dread wasting time incessant 
graduated june 'm trouble finding interviews resume starting places involved open source projects ? 've discouraged things appreciated 
hey recently graduated degree biochemistry minor mathematics 've worked past 5 months biotech 've realized wet lab work teaching python result interest bioinformatics java expand languages programming computer programming start questions veterans advance 'd reading open questions good places cs programming jobs ? gauge growth capability programming job ? companies open inexperienced alternative route developers ? sort compensation request due position lack job experience back abilities ? good sites learn fundamentals cs ? sort things competent applications interviews ? create portfolio demonstrate biochemist education effectively code ? feel free propose questions answers helpful position reads 
project bit scarce tests feel tdd paradigm guys feel importance testing web development back end ? 
've application spree time cs filed junior software web development positions year school resume posted linked github page received call friday company didn 't apply called aerotek apparently 's recruitment company tech jobs thing online lot bad reviews place methods bad bad 'm wondering bother calling back monday morning love secure internship junior position don 't wasting time guys ? 
'm working coding challenge internship application feeling huge imposter understand concepts challenge don 't development experience specific language framework exact thing languages frameworks incredibly foolish thinking concepts translate easily ? background 'm graduate student pursuing degree information systems technology undergraduate degree cs ist exposed programming absolutely fell love 've full time programming role html css full time position pursuing graduate degree starting 'm meant advice ? 
interviewing grad soft engineering position top 5 tech company week schedule 5 technical 1 hour interviews software engineers engineering manager checked glassdoor plenty people mentioned 4 interviews included 1 hr comments nov 2016 curious scheduled 2 extra technical interviews ? phone interviews ? talk recruiter ? mistakenly intervieing position ? 
working intern android developer team 10 people greatest programmers fundamentals today guys effective ways contribute project concepts learn grasp order 'productive workplace 
recently offered internship tech company acquired huge tech company 6 months ago hr send offer 3 5 days expecting pay based acquired company pay based company acquired ? couple offers accept decline 
fortunate receive offer nasa 's pathways intern program 2 rotations graduate 1 summer 1 fall spring semester means push graduation back 1 semester addition 100 pathways interns offered full time positions center graduation means full time offer work nasa civil servant graduation 've interned nasa past wanted experience working nasa ? good career move ? working flight software robotics rotation dream working nasa love work prestigious tech companies don 't love location live additionally 2 semesters past working graduating 5.5 years offer 5 ? planning accepting offer 
working leetcode frustrated complete easy ranked problems hang tonight [merge sorted array https leetcode problems merge sorted array time sat figure begin good 10 minutes finally checked discussion hint realize start end array beginning haven 't ds class 'm major didn 't longer hang things learn algorithms learned school ? intuitive cut ? aha moments realizing inverting binary tree basically post order traversal swap added largely frustrations continue slog taking class algorithms ? 
curious hear job expect learn cobol older language isn 't programming experience good experience ? bad move ? 
've reading kind mixed signals follow company applying hearing back pros make assertive hungry position cons bothering recruiter hm recently interview day kind unusual situation realize kind weird time hiring companies staff year don 't budget moment wondering opinion ? acceptable call email ? ftr question pertains job seekers 
hey interview past week won 't result week naturally 've mad overthinking interview asked questions write code times wrote code initial questions functional readable correct concise question asked initially silly min min min ? min interviewer pointed mistake apologized fixed things promptly question coded interviewer asked eliminate variables assignments cut lines code wrote sizable chunk notation problem extensively tested code whiteboard made spend time talking loud needed question leetcode wound hard category easy medium important candidate write super clean code whiteboard interview ? don 't poorly 's perspective candidate 's code whiteboard interview redundant face good candidate 's code day day basis ? update didn 't job turns knowledge tech stack doesn 't end 
thread discussions big 4 questions related big 4 offers doggy benefits companies big 4 ? posts focusing solely big 4 created thread removed abide rules don 't jerk thread posted sunday wednesday midnight pst previous big 4 discussion threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? big +4 +discussion restrict sr sort 
software developer worked close 7 8 years company moved bay area recently company made complete switch terms technology stack field 1 year ago company working field newbie field company specializes field move made sense clear interview 6 months joined company working company chaotic demanding company things great rapport manager supportive caring interviews related interactions finding hard work feel judgement makes faces comments strongly opinionated plain rude high achiever life hurting esteem feel faking result stressed lost peace mind feel disinterested include health exercise decently active visibly spending lesser time family spouse understanding caring feel putting lot indirect stress enjoying questions push months learning rapidly field ? irrespective bad experience call quits bad resume confident interviewing mentioned field lot learn idea work company long term gain experience simply break career 3 month break ? implications ? opinions ? 
edit projects completed 2d game watched youtube tutorial complete web browser created class java big tiny projects max 15 lines 'm worth mentioning 
hey guys 'm junior majoring cs math knowledge skills face working world reason guess smart peers grades semester gut feeling 'm fail 'm good feeling people 'm good talented people 's completely irrational reason 't mind affects motivation performance interviews 'm 's relate ya 'll tips general suggestions past mental stress blotch interviews cool edit lack experience interviewing 3 4 blotch due nervousness anxiety stutter describing simplest algorithms haha prep balancing schoolwork difficult top shit ? 
thinking uga cs degree hear current uga students cs graduates kind jobs interns easy find opportunities 
im south african start college year im wondering qualify job overseas ? doesnt canada choice 
thoughts taking semester internship startup san frasisco airware ? delay graduation december december graduation bad finding full time jobs ? common people semesters pursue internships ? 
adjustment lot companies 15k sf pittsburgh offered 100 pittsburgh 115 sf extra 15k bring things ? online 've numbers suggesting sf average 6x expensive live pittsburgh thoughts ? 
couple months ago left proper job order join large ish fintech company javascript developer reasoning switch 1 working newer tech 2 decent pay increase 3 benefits working work putting simple crud admin uis internally 'm isn 't company mobile app focused senior guys 'm reporting working kind projects worry type work end making lesser developer isn 't challenging recently offer large travel site matches offer fintech company involve exciting work doubt 're obscure framework isn 't companies current company established question ahead offer working established framework hurt employment opportunities future advice appreciated 
'm wondering degree web design front end stuff full computer science degree 's 'd interested 'm creative design oriented person coding programming school small state school aren 't programs wondering art degree minor computer science full computer science degree ? 
interview today position energy company local official title programmer abit vague programming database knowledge passed test gave 13 15 fairly impressed called interview chairman company expecting ? proper job 's understatement nervous 
'm current junior 's deciding bloomberg nyc pinterest airbnb snap internship summer understanding solid internship programs resume full time interviews top companies unicorn 'd rigorous development environment resume shinier location 's 'd work full time school bay don 't meaning 'd start job search year empty handed hand 'd love live nyc return offer bloomberg great unicorn offer expires days 'm torn added prestige unicorn worth potentially screwed full time year ? advice greatly appreciated 
companies boston software engineer developer based culture pay benefits ? elaborate experiences 
understanding limited coursework learning timeless solutions problems arrays exist hash tables exist sorting algorithms exist things 'be toolbelt node js popping required proffered experience cs internship position 're wait 's curriculum 's spin js wait isn 't cs curriculum focused theory back end work things hash tables guess 'd back end ? database management work learn ? projects learn absolute ? understanding subjects limited postins html css javascript node js python java learn things job ? learn understand front end work interacting user sending receiving reacting requests events school cs aimed theoretical 'back end ? sorting files efficient storage 
'm job hunt junior ios role nyc 've brushing general cs cracking coding interview problems preparing talk work experience side projects interviewed junior role questions ? advice offer expect ? whiteboard style questions common practical questions related ios development patterns technologies ? guessing mixture 'd hear people 's experiences 
'm enrolled umuc computer science major graduation 'm interested pursuing career malware analysis digital forensics video game design order wondering software development security degree offered umuc prepare career choices 've found past posts computer science degree thought superior degree software development security degree classes specifically addressing detect vulnerabilities code secure programs kind focus prepare aforementioned careers computer science degree ? 've provided links umuc degree pages computer science https www umuc academic programs bachelors degrees computer science major cfm software development security https www umuc academic programs bachelors degrees software development security cfm responses 
hey guys 'm mobile developer 'm pick languages learn 'm current engagements 's path dev position highest salary band future ? emerging frameworks languages risks don 't front end stuff love business logic 
've bengg computer science working year 've interested ai introductory classes final year employable field interested intelligent agents aop pursue career field don 't researcher preferring apply learn developing practical solutions engineer field ? understand graduate degree field highly recommended obtain masters field intelligent systems ? universities usa offer reputable recognised programmes taught english ? academic degree ultimately experience outranks build portfolio ? common suggestion work personal projects side respect kind projects work personal level relevant eyes potential employers ? admittedly working personal projects thing don 't supposed add languages frameworks libraries technical stuff gain proficiency ? formal education resources study side abreast latest developments trends field ? hope enlightened questions 
invited onsite interview redfin software engineering internship position format difficult technical questions ? 
applied developer position big company ago updated resume recently didn 't review app resume applied email ago coding challenge rejected recently send coding challenge email strong feeling 'd exact test test webcam turned ? dream company 've wanted work black listed completing coding challenge ? ? ignore ? grow beard complete ? 
experiences ? 
start ups hiring people angel craigslist dont compensation form illegal ? 
'm thinking writing price comparison website don 't monetise options embedded ads affiliate links 'm missing ? correct subreddit question 

college midwest position internship summer 2017 local company company gave offer 3 weeks ago told recruiter company west coast deadline offer 've asked application status company wrapping hiring decisions interviewers week recruiter noted deadline ff week email status recruiter company things slow office midst paperwork cleared contact asap noting deadline today 's 5 05 est haven 't notification company feel bad replying late company end company technologies modern pay 's west coast 'm uncertain company 2 companies reach interviews 've offer ? 
've searching jobs luck finally 've deluge offers changed ? 'm good position received offers coming 4 years school job terrible mentorship job language mentorship important 've created spreadsheet aspects appeal job https imgur qomnkts png received offers companies 1 2 3 3 indication offer incoming salaries roughly positions summary thoughts company 1 bigger company means limited scope codebase mentorship sounds top notch biggest company 's goal extremely noble 're making world place meaning excited short commute big people company incredibly smart summary thoughts company 2 small engineering size means responsibility touch codebase learn input direction product means guidance engineering director writes code amazing good mentorship company profitable 's good sign fan python 's big draw long commute definite negative factor move months hate 'd give market rate apartment financially position company profitable raises bonuses guaranteed company 3 mentorship good people nice fun product boring haven 't received offer 'm input ? 'm flailing happy place input give 
work large company process moving ton jobs india facility built company 're hiring freeze impacting morale pretty heavily 're telling prepare environment collaborating lot shore resources normal work frank discussion essentially 'll mgmt sr engineer positions years job development positions india 'm front end developer 's pretty difficult skill india 'm 'll eventually india ? 's hitting hard tonight 've felt slightest insecurity career choice 'm feeling textile worker 70s 
recently accepted google 's ep wondering start improve successful internship ? sophomore makes difference 
interviewer largest project 've worked ? realistic question standard quantify project size ? citing number classes project decent indicator large ? total sloc project ? companies devs experience large enterprise level code bases 'm figure projects 've worked qualify 
work smallish software company standard product ultimately end writing custom software client order meet exact win contract result clients hodgepodge varying functionality makes difficult support complications exponential rate company grows imagine management burdened phrase jack trades master mind personally lower rungs company work support job essentially buffer developers customers direction company annual strategy meeting coming grouped information analysts present topic push standard functionality shorten timelines design phase ? leaders company aware problem save 'm insights people worked similar environments 
civil engineer decided work tech jobs civil engineering bad reasons won 't compared tech coding month coming projects java personal project learning front end web development time hope contribute open source project learning good learning job ? middle country moving ? places hot ? lot job posting require cs cis degrees applying related developer jobs qa testor technical services technical support rejection letters day automatic filtering systems civil engineering degree ? ways break 1 technical developer job company prove technical abilities developer 2 work intern contract work startup small company prove ability hired 3 month 3 dev boot camp typically 3 months long 3 months job search kind long unemployed ? 4 lucky land developer job bat lot people big corporations automatic filter resume cs ce degrees small startups selective hire kind companies bar set low names types industry ? 
work small company lowest coworkers professionally speaking making things toxic purpose choose 's 's vent joke remorse criticizing management backs insulting suits moment thing pulled bully girls replied insults point rat owners order put trouble insulting fact 'm sick listen ignorant fools telling people wrong fucked world view rat put end ? 
job offer 'm gonna accept today questions wrt notice quitting 1 's december people schedules holidays couple weeks idea 'm quitting 've telling manager 'll unavailable couple weeks december vacation days expire guy team taking vacation start mid december end year starting week tomorrow 'll giving notice feel bad 's holiday period guy 'll pick stuff holiday overthinking ? 2 'm giving notice tuesday give weeks day friday ? work kinda lull point 'm projects bit hand holding projects 'm involved 's bugging 
time country vocation randomly posted place classified zone based aptitude people posted backgrounds aren 't related computer kind courses attend month start real idea 've told kind computer program concepts java ? things end worse life people companies ? peers confusion courses played 
title 'm wondering guys ? imagine real life supervisory mentoring position mythical 100 1337 coder line business softwares alot time spent gather requirements clarify business rules design verify writing line code team ses lead expected handling clarification clear ways team members ? synergies planning work allocation time consuming intellectual work meaning fear leaves room actual development work context switching kill attempts concentrate accounts share discuss genuinely interested position understand pros cons versus staying humble se 
happy thanksgiving hope enjoying holidays good food 'm advice decision make lucky receive offer 2017 winter internship amazon decide team work options 'm option kindle free time seattle 'm kind technologies work 's established product team headquarters option completely team boston product linked aws 'd working elastic search sqs kinesis dynamo db swf team members sounded fast paced high impact 'm boston strongly location don 't seattle west coast lot friends boston boston closer college 'd visit friends girlfriend working small team product exciting experience 'm afraid total flop thoughts ? 
'm fresh grad 've macbook past 3 years job starting january workplace policy bring device 1600 reimbursement title suggestions 'll working java spring hibernate python javascript 'll bit gaming league legends graphics intensive 'm gonna dual boot windows laptop windows linux dual boot macbook osx windows 'm leaning dual booting windows linux due macbooks cost suggestions brands models 
time posting initially university learn commerce realized hated switched computer science love 2 issues 'm facing don 't approach 'm cs specialist focus artificial intelligence filling math major stats minor reasoning math problem solving stats ai downside 't fit cool cs courses 'm interested full stack web dev natural language processing 'm wondering focus cs continue 'm problem 2 didnt enjoy program year marks suffered workload intense math stats cs 'm mediocre marks improving gradually feel 'm slightly 3.0 gpa isn 't great common advice build portfolio im working personal website plan build couple android apps google chrome extensions practice web scraping ? ? diversify subjects focus cs ? taking time read advice appreciated 
hey dudes 've spent year working desk 've pretty automated job 've bored thinking jumping entry level web dev job 'd end working cloud tech infrastructure dev ops security web dev experience great benefit thing don 't strong background web development fundamentals taught cis classes mention bs cis 've worked java js css jquery angular node js small projects fundamentals google heavily demonstrates ability learn languages find web dev job operation jobs ? 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
deciding companies summer 2017 internship deadlines coming mongodb nyc qualtrics seattle office offers identical 's worries mongodb place qualtrics huge potential growth future mongodb structured internship program 'm concerned full time place intern highly place return full time place full time ? full time recruiting 'm wondering place resume ? guys ? opinions places ? 
offers 3 companies start dates september request companies change start date december position summer internship applied companies plan graduate year change situation college program graduate decembe 2017 problem company accepted offer small strict deadline physical offer company signed days make decision offer offer choose verbal offer company physical offer problem offer preceded year long leadership training program worried fixed start date negotiable request companies change start date make internships company signed offer option point ? thing company ? lose offers risk 
throwaway obvious reasons move bloomberg york large tech company reading online years ago working bloomberg swe pretty stressful experience recent reviews positive wondering detail spend time family stressing work hours important 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
started internship month ago startup bosses telling learn react meteor frameworks build product react due modular nature heard industry standard angular 1 angular 2 great scalability [i don 't qualify statement heard engineer friends bosses bias angular learn work angular 1 2 put personal time learn angular 1 2 ? negatively affect prospects future job ? 
onsite sigma april offer love reapply sigma usual year waiting policy big fours ? skip process passed onsite ? 
day returned home checked email find received mail told guide interview 3 hours ago received mail hour guide interview schedule caught guard missed guide interview time reschedule ? mailed recruiter asked schedule heard back 24 hours 
guys idea maps product build list companies research reach start job searching month 'd prefer nyc 's fair game 've google carto 
hey guys feel place post mods remove college senior recently interviewed big defense contracting company software engineering job weeks received offer pretty great accepted days table week albeit ill advised interviewing places recently offer bigger closer home defense contractor offering comparable salary wondering couple things situation 1 thing bad ? subjective perform clearance background checks drug tests spending lot money offer 2 face legal repercussions offer company wasn 't interested anymore ? security clearance 3 fine previous offer negotiate higher salary company ? guys good interested anymore ? advice 
good day told opportunity work today developer project manager managing database project spans organisation development needed working databases happen manager day don 't long position 6 months year junior 4 years experience pay bit 'm worried possibly programming contract length resume position turn full time gig end back developer position idea thoughts appreciated 
thread discussions big 4 questions related big 4 offers doggy benefits companies big 4 ? posts focusing solely big 4 created thread removed abide rules don 't jerk thread posted sunday wednesday midnight pst previous big 4 discussion threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? big +4 +discussion restrict sr sort 
great soft skills luck appearance knowing special good satisfactory point career grinding technical accomplishments approach switching jobs promotions simply keeping job find easy ? 
've attended 4 conferences 've found talks find local meetups spending hour watching programming related youtube trends conference talks 's super high level concept semi ish trends micro services reactive programming java8 lambdas application power point high level overview 're ish concept 's product buy 's talk 've million times 'm wrong current perspective find vast majority conference talks educational conferences expensive find free recordings talks online thoughts ? edit suppose mention make connections aspect 've heard mentioned times advantage find local meetups typically free defy reason pay 500 attend conference employer paying recruiting alternative 're seeking job suppose reason 'm 'm wondering 's genuine reason attend conferences 'm attending wrong 
's question rant pretty lengthy advance started coding adventure long ago python tinkering taking watching tutorial enjoyed understand logical concepts recursion stuff enjoyed developing console apps developing games godot frankenstein 's alive moments pretty pushed forward brought satisfaction enrolled treehouse 's back end python flask stuck didn 't understand basic concepts front end html css pretty stopped tracks enrolled basics front end lacked motivation sense accomplishment carefully laid logical plan giving birth miniscule time passed touching subject proposition 3 month long front end online bootcamp low price fed current job wanting move quickly jumped idea enrolled paid installment plan bootcamp months job junior front end intern learn back end free time full stack dev learning front end relative ease feel sham don 't care long works correctly nice bend contents page 's wondrous back end 's bootcamp success path destined crash burn ? advance answers critiques throw 
recently offered summer internship devops intern accounting audit firms sophomore good school lot trouble interviews traditional se internships pay competitive wondering useless resume continue applying se internships future ? part assuming receive offer won 't april guessing 
imagine thread move fields place information situation working finance state department education years locked states pension plan changing careers loved writing code kid extent recently program freecodecamp applying bachelors program online dominion university computer science programs basically interested programming 'll include links thoughts greatly appreciated pretty effecfive education completed quickly largely learning coding side https online odu programs computer science comp sci https online odu programs information systems technology realized relevant post secondary education 
home test yammer ? coming wondering expect 
'm talking 3 month internships summer fall semester established companies accommodate 'off season start dates ? internship start mid oct dec jan 
top cs students basically 100 offer interview ratio ? 

thread resume advice critiques read [resume faq https www reddit cscareerquestions wiki faq resumes implement advice abide rules don 't jerk thread posted tuesday saturday midnight pst previous resume advice threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? resume +advice +thread restrict sr sort 
graduated college 18 months ago haven 't job graduating 'm wondering tackle question interviewer asks honestly reasons gap aren 't good shortly graduating gastrointestinal system started acting rapid weight loss nausea doctors tests span months ultimately didn 't find wrong didn 't start job time tests felt days tests finished wasn 't wanted job applied close jobs time don 't feel comfortable home meantime didn 't extracurricular activities volunteer work travel online coursera courses free certificate rest time spent thing relevant cs software 've talked recommended talking sick 's undiagnosed problems nausea 's year 'm thinking gap tougher tougher explain guess find sort cs relevant job 've entry level stuff internships explain gap ? 
days ago monday email intel software engineer interested internship family friend high intel distribute resume bunch people knew 'm internship scene 've held internship 'm sophomore college told engineer 20 minute phone call internship accept behavioral interview stuff send recommendation hr send offer letter 've verbal offer ? long extend official offer letter ? additionally intel hardware company 'm interested software back end development engineer internship writing python code test hardware stuff 'm memory bit hazy 'm afraid won 't internship company 's big intel offer ? 
state program finish top high school class qualify years free community college 're transfer college university state eligible 2500 year scholarship maintain gpa 'm eligible program financially 's smart years free school community college years hurt chances job ? community college 's program computer science online impact ? 'm big impact things 'd inputs 
research 've figure spacex includes stock part compensation package 't life figure offer offer signing bonus ? yearly bonus ? glassdoor [software developers https www glassdoor salary space exploration technologies software engineer salaries e40371 ko31 48 htm section cash bonus 11k stock bonus 's listed 71k numbers accurate ? 71k year 71k 4 5 years ? received offer spacex reply send pm 
hey month finished 3rd semester software engineering respected college job tech related lots tech companies amazon intel hp basic qualifications company require considered entry level job coding debugging stuff clear concept topics foggy functions classes references pointers polymorphism inheritance file io dynamic static programming data structures arrays lists handle templates namespaces exception handling haven 't practiced taking basic level courses imo pretty ahead fellow students cs marvels tend read learn lot free time basic understanding java pretty amirite ? good foundation html css fooled js jquery taking bootstrap fooled sqlite basic sql knowledge free time pretty build basic website front end wise bootstrap easier build front end honest don 't web design development creative artsy sense basic understanding console git vcss 'm guys apply job tech qualified ? type job good fit ? prepared recommend learn free time ? 
accepted position company mail responded asked time job starts week told 'd receive letter details living home retrieve mail letter wondering employers generally send letter form letter mail ? 
missed deadline multiple deadlines project miss multiple deadlines ? consequence fired delivering deadline ? 
started working startups working big company end game beginning career interns big tech work years ? plateau early company prestige ? 
classes 'm finishing high school career leave bit free time find wasting home 'd love earn money contract work time 've idea 's free time plentiful segmented due class club commitments prevents internship summer 
field wondering typical junior developer part dev team 
guys high math knowledge job find job college degree learn ? 
interning company accepted full time offer back graduation month company announced acquired estimated close 6 9 months guarantee long stay severance package included inevitably 3 mo salary began interviewing received offer company company solid company offer 6k company stay company receive salary unknown length time severance company offers job security experience pay ? advance update company automation software testing position company manual software testing position companies automation testing experience manual testing experience ? 
studied software development past 4 years success programming career back lack quality portfolio major reason reasons decided entrepreneur route make money online world forced learn copywriting basically sell customers words learning copywriting drastically improved apply jobs offer services online money involved sales involved applying jobs selling skills person give money sales learn sales copy knowledge improve applications cover letters 
share kind questions asked ? hackerrank challenge 
accepted full time return offer mid october 's decent offer area move wasn 't excited continuing company accepted deadline arrived stressed job hunting offer exact area live 20k higher base salary younger team smaller company absolutely offer realize 's totally ethical renege original accepted offer wanted place contact original company signing electronic offer documents email recruiters set phone call phone call personal reasons stay close home continuing offer ? tips advice proceed limiting personal risk ? 
upcoming contests make nice padding practice ?? 
finished 1st year demanding college 50 dropout rate 1st year chose subject im science person curious love building stuff freedom enjoyed technics figured good fit moment im questioning decision find exhausting study technicalites concetrating details implementing bit level floating point operations learning cache mapping improving loop unrolling dont wrong find interesting intense feel kind burned im worried working pretty working demanding hard crack bits pieces day experience ? advice give ? sharing 
grad student 'target university couple issues late starting job hunt graduating don 't offers hearing positions closing worried offers received heard people offers january ? kind companies positions filled ? companies hire spring ? 3 onsites failed 2 offer 3rd recruiter told teams interested haven 't heard back 2 weeks great place start career 3 onsites pending planning give top choice early jan couple weeks semester ends applied places haven 't heard back simply applying online cold email recruiters upcoming holiday season contact wait till jan ? 
completed undergrad financial aid won 't option masters programs toying idea masters program career change general software engineering infra machine learning focused roles 've worked months bay area 'm fortunate making figures account cost living income tax won 't afford 80k masters program assuming 1.5 years 40k tuition year housing food anytime competitive masters programs ta cover significant amount tuition ? difficult top universities countries ? [epfl http master epfl ch tuition fees apparently charges 1350 usd year pretty awesome 
lot people replies consistently rejected top companies sadly realized fall boat told 're backed adopting tactic screening weeding ? 
received internship offers companies 't decide provide housing summer pay close 22 24 koch working app dev team garmin working aviation team happy working companies 'm unsure career decision advice appreciated 
'm college student wondering transation java lot courses java idea working language graduate amount jobs languages area lot internships question choose languges effect job opportunities learn ? 
'm deciding waiting team matching large bay area tech company offers couple pinterest coursera fitbit yelp databricks offers focused interest deadline couple weeks wouldn 't time wait team matching 's guarantee team matching don 't left empty handed 'm matched 'm interview process twitter palantir uber onsite coming offer guarantee good project smaller company wait large bay area tech company team matching hope edit internship 
title 'm graduating months 'm wondering opinion companies great work albany 
graduated cs degree responses month applying recruiting companies resume job hunting websites growing desperate ahead 6 month hire job started july recently told contract wasn 't renewed received feedback knew happy work told decision didn 't quality work don 't 's true 'm applying jobs recruiting companies hire jobs full time position 6 month contract job professional job bad resume ? 's experience decided hire companies ? listed contract position assume familiar hire shit assume 's 
lot active github good asset found internship reading code important writing thinking good experienced folks people posted projects contributors ? 
'm teaching web dev philosophy degree work full time transportation live eastern idaho boise isn 't cutting edge technology matter fact shock horror week boss questioning needed website local developers aren 't paid 'm hoping land remote job market point learning question feasible 's extremely land job junior level experience ? 
seeking ms cs united states list companies companies guidance career options appreciated 
invited participate coding challenge 75 minutes consists programming questions choose language choose wondering experience stuff inform expect 

've large number developers make huge mistake career included warn professions doctors electricians years experience equates years expertise software development technologies change rapidly large amount time spent learning technologies tools veteran java developer intricate knowledge underlying frameworks implementations point technologies replaced knowledge worthless years experience general experience gained related specific implementation details thing stays fundamentals focus core science math aspects software development skills grow years constantly deprecated landscape learn design patterns notations forget latest javascript framework flavor week 
'm excited graduating hard earned cs degree major state school tough program opted summer classes summer internship starting job hunt advice graduate ? feel 'm decent coder wouldn 't ace google programming interview cs degree focused lot math logic courses courses assigned short programming assignments basically feel 've introduced lot languages familiarity 'm forward focus time energy single project bouncing short term assignments classes advice find decent programming job 's offer training fresh grads ? internships offering beginning experience companies expect train entry level hirees ? 
background graduated honors top 10 school high gpa 3.8 majored cs studied ai nlp concentration good amount research read grunt work phd students internships unemployed read degree top school huge advantage roughly half cs majors graduated making 6 figures bat friends family expect diligent student don 't feel skilled shitty low paying entry level developer jobs intimidate reference slew technologies frameworks concepts practices 've heard vaguely understand learned needed classes thought worth real world guess ? cynic top schools advantage programmers ambitious career aspirations gather network support educational component doesn 't vary school school kind socially anxious shut didn 't retain network degree worthless ? 'm thinking totally giving developer point associate programming drudgery rejection academic pressure flagellation feelings inadequacy fuck ? hand income avoid starvation browse craigslist job postings area fare administrative assistant dishwasher landscaping hand insane credentials peers 'm worthless ? underselling ? focus learning specialized skill mobile development freelance ? jump ship software development good places jump ? 
senior cs 4 year university projected graduate 2017 graduate debt free scholarships fin aid early semester accepted job offer graduate tech large bank recently received offer research undergraduates position study abroad 7 students europe summer 2017 position entails attempting solve health related issues android dev expenses paid food housing university abroad airfare back paid 5k 6k 10 weeks lifetime opportunity 1 research abroad position delay graduation december 2017 1 class left semester silly delay graduation 1 class fall taking spring top contact recruiter company accepted offer delay graduation unforeseen reasons burns bridge ? joining company graduation pay extra semester pocket 1.5 guess 'm debt 2 pros taking research position europe expenses paid stipend relevant software dev software eng experience 's 'll twiddling thumbs finger painting europe europe hear studying abroad amazing opportunity 't abroad 10 weeks expenses paid 've started career 're working remotely guess justify extra semester stay minor math 4 math classes spring fall 1 math class cs class graduate taking bs courses spring 1 class fall attending hackathons side projects thoughts delaying graduation extra semester securing job order study abroad relevant software engineering development experience ? hurt career prospects ? gpa 3.9 2 internships research position cs department school math minors good thing ? 't hurt ? thoughts ? 
cscareerquestions 'm interested perspectives current situation insight ended lot longer planned advance nbsp graduated college degree physics 've working current company small online education company close years tutor customer support year ago decided transition web development spent free time year studying learning making projects building portfolio nbsp decided move city july boss offered option continuing part time remote customer support work paid contractor searched job town boss offered basic dev work gladly accepted professional experience nbsp months verbally offered full time remote salaried position split customer support development salary made company previously market rate developer found job town verbally accepted thinking work remotely 6 months year continuing learn move job additional income search nbsp increased part time hours waited contract started dive deeper development side company 2.5 months conversation haven 't received contract asked weeks heard 'll week red flags including nbsp developers remote contractors communication issue respond emails quickly times focus split company contract work code base 2007 received small updates time time mentoring version control software tracked manually currentproductionsite12052014 currentsite07212010 work remote means learning established code review process point joel test quiet working conditions working home nbsp written clear move proper junior developer role asap renege verbal full time position agreement focus finding role grow learn proper company make sense ? nbsp worth working remotely company terrible software practices professional web development experience ? nbsp tl dr transitioned web development role company working experience red flags flying high worried 
lead data scientist eastern washington northern idaho friday end year salary review wanted expect request gain opinion make 62,000 stocks background 3 years data science experience 10 years military air traffic control masters economics masters political science finishing phd mathematics published articles political science economic development languages python learning scala spark past year lead data scientist role managing training junior data scientist presented national data science conference presented state university 's mathematics department work developed wrote methodology major product dataset developed methodology county labor attraction published national magazine forbes conducted numerous directed research projects distributed report team company developed automated county forecast utilizing 12 independent variables updated quarterly wrote career progression guide team implemented set standard procedures highlights short input greatly appreciated 
www devinallenstewart 
visa issues ? apply visa job ? 'm allowed apply ? 
grads decide start months graduation graduate start august accept offer months earlier 're working fulltime switch month break transitioning ? expected resign transition couple weeks ? 
apologies belongs itcareerquestions lines blurry working bachelors cs break generally excited science computing web dev 'd learn 'm wondering guys ran chicken 's head cut started education laid structure instance thought cert great idea network cert work networking ? didn 't didn 't networking realized freecodecamp code academy awesome resources dove loved ui feeling accomplishment reverse engineered pages realized 'm good designer sense making things good don 't understand color wheel don 't artistic bone body websites good ? don 't compete people good aspects web dev doesn 't scratch curiosity itch back reading comp sci books generalized fascinated development history technology seemingly insignificant breakthrough math logic ee building baby steps leaps feel comfortable engaged learning transistors inverters switches networking switches basic interact 'm started build limited calculator light bulbs circuits components learn honestly love stay theory education including advanced math 'll things robotics understand eventually build ? lengthy write background hoping share initially problem bouncing found fit ? find focus ? surely knew wanted talk 4 year olds dentists path success cs linear ? set structured curriculum thing luxury time study full time ? time lot time simply learn college starting ? basically input 'm feeling lost bit demoralized understand material write basic basic programs couple languages lot enthusiasm discipline work ethic feel 'm drink fire hose moment rate ten years 'd great cs version jeopardy explain advanced concepts don 't translate actual accomplishment goal 's specific love computer science accomplish stuff great information found 
recruiting season rejection emails companies offer wasn 't accept asked company picked information company ? curiosity thing companies asked recruiter chime ? 'm curious 
meeting superiors internship possibility full time asked thoughts salary 60k thoughts addition 5k additional pay year 60k base shook writing signed 's chicago suburbs 'll fresh school 'll 2 internships belt figured 65 70 range shoot ? 'm values correct 've 62 median market 'm meeting week week bring salary ? firm number give wriggle room research worth salary ? 've working intern operate business type questions hr type benefits perks vacation advice appreciated 
internship company summer freshman year college company lot fun paid decently expressed lot interest returning company isn 't located bay area ultimately end returned pay raise nice question weird company listed resume 2 consecutive summers ? focusing company diversity resume ? 
hey job offer probation period doctors investigating health stuff bit longer term terms investigations appointments weeks 's job 'm worried angry experience ? doomed ? 
't stop won 't stop don 't stop coding rant thread rants caps lock downvotes feel free break rule 2 likes don 't post racist homophobic sexist bullshit 'll faster speeding tracer ranting begins midnight friday coast time previous friday rant threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? friday +rant +thread restrict sr sort 
study lot cs fundamental courses 'm wondering favorite programming clases college ? list data structures algorithms databases ? friends automata encompasses 
situation summer internship lined company screwed registration classes heavily populated university taking 1 computer science semester general education courses basically time aint shit semester spring internship companies stay summer answer internship company concerned provide meaningful work 4 5 months part time work address ? btw intern spring summer company relocation gig 
reached linkedin haven 't heard back reach recruiters ? 's alumni recruiters reach ? wait hear ? 
guys 'm programming stuff time learning html reading lot things software developer job things 'm 's start 1 've information software developer kind job require college degree thing excited learn job taught don 't school true ? 2 heard math isn 't coding making computer programs apps heard math skills don 't depend bothers big math knowledge job field area math learn goal capable companie problem kind program visualize make program work faster general make programs companies banks work faster easier advance 
working full time commercial real estate project manager school full time year prior working full time chipping class time prerequisites completed prerequisites transferring university start actual cs program january luckily wife saved money quit job school full time recently started internships pretty seasonal companies expecting interns typical schedule school year starting fall school year essentially starting january full years quarters worth work expect summers time internship main questions qualified internship coming summer ? quarters cs classes applying internships ? interview internships prepared data structures algorithms type questions common actual job interviews ? choose working personal projects studying coding interview questions choose studying coding interviews ? chance internship big 4 company weird school schedule ? assuming check boxes fortunate live seattle area connections companies advance replies 
lot infrastructure automation gigs recruited 's linux heavy 'm grads general extensive linux experience hot position fill ? variant software engineer test changed test bias giving 
curious 
deciding uber dropbox full time pm role dropbox offer competitive technology product uber interesting wondering people thoughts growth trajectories career opportunities work culture ? 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
wondering guys ? people attend type event ? 
school offers bachelor integrated studies option pick 2 areas focus focus computer science deciding degree looked compared typical cs degree ? 
invited ibm finish line event atlanta yesterday rsvp 'd plane ticket confirmation received literally top email morning rsvp 'd day 've find ahold emails calls back experience ? latest email rsvp window ends today 'm freaking 
battling health issues 9 months feel quit good job health back track quitting job health reasons affect rehirability ? junior 2 years experience tech hub area 
year student studying cs uaberta canada love field great start summer internship end year trouble finding place takes year interns coding skills experience browsing subreddit realized experience personal projects make blank resume appealing ? tips making connections pls question github dont place potential employers portfolio github ? account projects aren 't professional give bad immature impression make professional account ? account filled fun stuff highschool 
takes grad position interns ms feels weird guess don 't wrong 
plan apply ms cs work experience 1.5 years related manual qa quality assurance dabbled areas 've mentioned bother mentioning qa part work experience add cv ? 
background began small company 30 people senior year high school started 10 hour intern negotiated raise 15 hour 20 hour intern ability software development remotely school physically present 2 developers senior member work separate projects rarely directly collaborating project discuss tackle problems 'll advice team working things july offered permanent position junior software developer gladly accepted didn 't pay raise expected 's matter 'm missed opportunity wise accept offering continue chugging glassdoor salary skills 2 years full software development company sophomore college working computer science major minor math compensated 30 hour degree bachelor 's degree 35 hour understand expectations aren 't figure google salary 'm fine enjoy working company work remotely town live 15 minute drive work attend local college work schedule put 15 20 hours week work full time summers vacations recently working project 3 months complete reviewing final product ceo decided change fundamental requirement meaning rewrite software missing soft launch date taking 2 3 months production ready release manager annoyed apparently 's business world clear congratulated work fault change business requirements changed admittedly feeling defeat rip work redesign entire thing current design solve requirement change thinking research compensated negotiate 30 hour rate circumstances wait project completed ? don 't workings business world time make salary adjustment ? advice greatly appreciated 
guys pursuing bsc computer science master end appealing masters related computer science universities provide ? cheers 
find dealing leading technical direction actual coding time step proving daunting specifically find wanting rip code changed order lead learn communicate experienced tech leads communicate direction ? 
've searching job september haven 't offers loans creeping don 't 've ton phone screens phone interviews sites offers literally 1 interview left google responding anymore advice ? 'm 
gpa based question curious school professor teach cs semester easier harder semester due lot students professors end high 's 's class exam averages 80 's set students class semester harder professor 's low 's exam averages 50 's students 've easier higher gpa recruiters companies student 's gpa ? give unfair advantages disadvantages students opinion personally things standardized based lucky easy professor class grade inflation ? recruiters account ? lot schools award higher grades students schools average student 's gpa higher institution inflation 

accepted offer company silicon valley start year july graduate ? relax semester easy prepare job ? 
cs final coming 2 weeks 'm advice study actual coding tests fine information encryption run time analysis security study methods worked guys ? 
tl dr paid automate workflow process discovered python realistic setup contract paying hours script ? demo expand script company opportunity arises nbsp full context company faced 2000 file delivery prepared contracted specialist created packages scratch building workflow basic spreadsheet dashboard future projects momentum learn real programming automated process python recommend features build quote hours approve update script haven billed updates setup type contract paying hours purchasing script free continue developing features demo companies sample type contract ? 
reddit post hope don 't sound idiot junior mechanical engineering student beginning realize rest life main question switch major computer science tough mechanical engineering degree taught resources online simply smooth transition workforce actual computer science degree basic experience web design inclined route cs advice matter harsh greatly appreciated 
'm fourth year computer engineering student 'm completely burned don 't graduate december 2017 maintained 3.6 3.7 gpa 4 years 's chance 'm maintain semester held previous internships bloomberg job offer big silicon valley company google facebook microsoft apple pm internship position fact pm 't stand classes material 'm learning relevant 'm interested extremely difficult 'm 's 's semester 't care feel sacrificed mental health classes prepping job interviews 's internship 's type typically convert full time offer essentially slack remainder college preserve sanity health summer rolls focus securing full time offer company ? strategy ? 
opportunity popped work boston finish associates information science plan fcc front end certificate possibly back end finish time strongest languages skills html css javascript 'd moving august bs real experience small web app projects fcc hunt cs job apply ? kind positions seeking ? 'll hard experience associates 'm put work effort don 't waste time types careers companies 
'm sophomore university switched major cs weeks ago originally crim terms classes 'll taking semester 're intro computing programming shell commands scripting challenges computer tech cs involves lot math 'm greatest 'm work cs good grades remember material ? 
graduated college 2014 double degree computer science math working industry 2 years startup started big established company specific skills advance industries robotics driving cars started online masters programs wondering good interest [georgia tech 's computational perception robotics masters https www omscs gatech specialization computational perception robotics [stanford 's corporate graduate program http scpd stanford programs corporate education corporate graduate program don 't details accepted udacity 's ai nanodegree https www udacity ai accepted wrong applied udacity 's driving car nanodegree https www udacity drive 100 valid nanodegrees make transition industries mentioned plan ai nanodegree apply online masters program fall 2017 thinking accredited masters program important transition plan nanodegree online masters provide skills thinking nanodegree partnership industry companies expose real world approaches ai problems masters program give strong theoretical background guys ? seemingly unorganized ideas time 
software developer big mnc options future stick current team decent chance promotion october pros bigger paycheck promotion cons sort learnt offered won 't improve technical front screw promotion move team learn possibly interesting technical business domain thoughts ? 
12th year 've enjoyed smaller teams corporate environments guess 'm tired good alternate careers programming entire adult life ? don 't degree 
finding book show understand code understand program awesome books featured practice problems projects 
situation semester 1 class left free elective online semester working 'm searching job running issue don 't bring fact graduated work full time list expect graduate winter 2016 resume explain technically graduate completed relevant classwork list expect graduate summer 2017 1 credit short graduating taking online class working ? 
'm tech hear tech cs graduates hard job graduation ? jobs good pay ? intern opportunities ? difficulty classes ? suggestions advice ? 
mechanical engineering major decided double cs looked classes salary internship cs double mechanical engineering internships normal ? 's insane 'm thinking focusing cs 
major isn 't cs 'm majoring information technology recently realized isn 't kind work internship work shadowing position 2 programming classes year fell love 'm 've heard story thankfully cirriculum cover bit programming advanced java 's cut 'm balancing studies information tech taught computer science disadvantaged start applying work ? knowledge gaps fill flaunt projects compensate ? portfolio showcase multiple languages strong understanding specialize couple platforms work ? 
interviewing internship tumblr technical interview assess general data structures algorithms knowledge knowledge pertaining specific team interviewing ? 
thing trump redeeming quality crack h1b visas [this ad http www viewjob ? jk f7b8abe49a4fe5fc serp advertising requirements salary lot higher 
'm dev small medium size dev team love boss manager built incredibly positive flexible culture team notified replaced immediately skillset suited ramping organization medium large size team maturing technical direction scale business assuming team culture stays stable boss good person work steps things mind transition ? 'm pretty shell shocked 'd make start foot 
software interviews seniority follow pattern hr phone screen technical phone screen technical site offer grad interviews minus offer part wondering senior positions 
resume great uni cs major full time job full time student time work side projects feel proper social programming skills valuable employee feel speak people face face interviews submitting resume frowned walk business resume hiring ? 
reasonable thing ? bombed hackerrank challenge earlier semester easily pass knowing problem bad idea apply email ? 
hey coding challenges upcoming ? 
background associate 's degree java javascript class received details magic amount money afloat make additional 8,000 year reasonable current skill set ? java 'm hottest bulb box code adequately 
'll start explaining situation 'm moment 'm college drop living redmond bellevue area working retail drop couldn 't afford paying ridiculous amount classes pay rent back retail stay afloat april 've entry level programming job area thing 's catch 22 job 3 5 years experience job internship 4 year degree 't afford work experience 've asked friends family classmates reply 's 's network people foot door 've apparently 'm abysmal 've meetup find groups met situation foot door work schedule erratic line meetings 't weekends boss schedules start shifts 7am 3pm linkedin resource 've problems 'd find company recruiter accept friend invite means couldn 't talk accept invite reply messages 'm social person feel making headway 8 months drop 'm exact situation 'm wrong spot 

school started offering data science degree 's basically computer science degree intensive math eligible electives higher level statistics quasi graduate level courses data science degree significantly difficult push graduation date back year semester 1 class 'm interested machine learning data science idea working hft part financial industry understand lot jobs require graduate degrees staying comp sci ? switching data science ? staying comp sci grad school ? data science degree lot grad school degree requires high level math statistics machine learning data mining courses thoughts ? questions ? 'm turn 31 couple days play role 

major higher don 't include math requirements count classes cs department school count major gpa ? 
'm computer science major track software engineering baltimore semester 74 credits makes junior ? knowledge java vb net taught basics html 'm software engineering club working android studio team ways internship chance puts month ago interview gdit general dynamics university interview super talk talked guy interviewed parking lot gave 's email address told email question apply open position message back 'm interview csrs thing happened time asked online apply position heard back point 'm tips applied gov internships summer 'll wait reply accepted don 't wanna seat wait suggestions company applied baltimore share share kind tips case bad news 
fired job unemployed 6 month gap resume job worked 5 months terminated performance similar situation advice find job 2 months savings left run money 
annoying question guys shit confidence terrible anxiety year university internship disney haven 't made back college chance degree 'm computer science intimidating don 't waste time money useless degree appealing time running pick don 't ton friends guidance don 't grades 'm math class 
interesting team work team worked storsimple ? acquired msft years ago 
junior software engineering positions javascript san francisco bay area complex interview viable projects order phone screens onsite interviews ? complexity web projects determined ? based features web apps ? assume applicant bs cs coming software engineering bootcamp watch udemy videos github portfolio main piece applicant 's resume 
applications position determine call screen ? specifically internships big internships 've programming competitions good referrals good gpas target schools huge advantage ? determine project impressive big company job ? 
hey wondering knew net opportunities airlines sector happen software developer major airline companies ? working environment pay 

point time deep python problem university computer engineering major requires learn java subject data structure algorithm analysis subject database management java semester mentioned subjects semester requires programming rest semesters major made pure theoretical stuff university doesn 't care students learn code 't decide stick python deeper level grasp expert start fresh learning original aim learning python grasp basic programming fundamentals ended falling head heels awesome language easier learning java learning gave frustration end aim good dev good love programming marks university crappiest univ planet dont care university bachelor 's time flunking java industry standard organisations python scientific computing automation iot dont loose progress made python learning java time gonna bit difficult dyslexia doesn 't separating syntaxes simultaneously biggest factor preventing choosing specific university theoretical curriculum doesn 't leave time learn bunch stuff work personal projects endup choosing endup mastering putting resume dev interest lie area iot programming bots backend stuff interested building apps building stuff app asks server process tl dr shift java continue diving deep python sum tl dr 
hey guys post long explains situation detailed graduated boise state degree business emphasis information technology degree called reality emphasis business 2 programming classes web development class 2 database classes addition taking coursera courses expand knowledge databases 4 month internship local company didnt superiors left managed work mvvm pattern felt long jr developer realize short comings struggle learning python learn javascript algorithms class discrete mathematics order understand algorithms understand discrete math addition guys resume work ? greatful guys frustrated depressed land job love sql web development data analysis catches eye feel unprepared positions learning python pluralsight hackerrank taking database coursera learning discrete math goal job ultimately concentrate ? resume [resume https docs google document 1bmbuaoiahtxwhw03id2nhcatya uzihthvcslk6ty edit ? usp sharing long post forward hearing guys 
made similar post days ago 've decided move ahead extra class ee minor computer engineering double major pick ai machine learning cert masters program background 'm working bs ms computer science minor electrical engineering 've completed 'd software embedded software hardware job bay area ca graduate 5 internships engineering company back 6th software department summer 'm taking 5 cs classes normal semester filler class systems software class semester semester minor electrical engineering double major computer engineering based classes 've time schedule 'm pursuing ai ml cert ms degree 'm hoping coe cs ai +ml background open doors graduation question double majored computer engineering computer science made decide shaped career path ? 
major double major cs terms extra work invested ? 
viewed employers ? internship entry level position ? 
im online interview ge canada tomorrow java intern position wondering share experience technical behavioral im familiar java im kinda freaking bit 
title describes cs major decided learn programming graduate school asked question days chatted classmates internship experience impressed excellent smart workers started coding elementary school participated worldwide programming contests middle school hearing stories felt upset people doubt catch struggle learn programming tons stuff learn guys ? people eventually stopped career ? 
time spend making code nice hacker rank ? focus cases pass move ? find things production code speed process ready timed test swift find lot force unwraps guard applicant sample code company count don 't strict time limit challenge prod level executions hacker rank quick hit trivia level problems times shortcuts lets things pass ? write clean code ? depend 's end ? 
've working year casual contract agency previous experience 1 year contracting freelancing agency sorts advertising products logos print radio tv pretty client web work 's patching current site building brand virtually clients pay web work hired junior 've asked step sole developer company previous developer quit weeks ago week offered small increase current wage lot work main developer left junior position pay offer 2 3 graphic web designers paid small team open salaries employer idea work involved job don 't leave people 'm long 'll job don 't considerably larger amount money show 'm worth idea skills technologies listed resume 
excluding rentech question questions sense prestige reputation 's important part working company 'd learn people top tier work gauge companies year senior pretty good internship summer 'd aim start company flexibility decide future 
've interviewing crazy semester started 's year realized resume wasn 't good part high gpa 1 internship research projects doesn 't trump personal projects ended interviewing pretty good companies couple offers 100 bay area pushed back deadlines waiting tech company seattle location big deal wanted wanted ended rejected video interview weeks received email telling wanted fly site january completely booked 'm point hope manage fit weeks don 't person accepts offer mind person site intention accepting job 'm work seattle company work warn work life balance accept offer interview spring handful personal projects belt expands skillset options advice people experience give ? 

wall text 's bit disorganized mind dump 's tldr bottom needed chest relate insights advice 'm cs student ubc vancouver canada people similar situations hope job big companies unicorns company good salary benefits 100 starting salary good based 've read glassdoor 'll relocate work companies 'm internship summer 2017 'll full time job feel current skill level isn 't cutting kinds companies ubc considered prestigious canada 's 24th world wide cs 's mediocre 'm developer internship canada large b2b software company company pretty massive global doesn 't mentioned isn 't sexy companies lines oracle recognized terms side projects 've small insignificant internship small desktop application android app don 't users haven 't time due internship improve ds algorithm skills tech interviews 've spent decent chunk free time weekday nights weekends practice algorithm questions coding interviews 3 months feel 've improving 'm trouble problems people easy solve problems takes lot longer fully finish hours applied big companies october month resume failed screening google bloomberg haven 't heard back microsoft amazon facebook twitter 've barely applied places expect face lot rejections process burning weekdays basically work home 10.5 11 hours 1.5 hours total commute 9 hours work shower dinner spend hour practicing coding questions bed weekends practicing coding questions give 1 2 hours relaxing needless don 't life 'm naturally introverted kind shy person don 't friends place time 'm devoting job pretty 0 social interactions internship 'd sort social life relationships future feel 't happen 'm career big company lot people focus achieve goals grind worth shared mentality kind background skill level intelligence mediocre make lot things hard work don 't long grind achieve goals situation fail final internship big unicorn full time grad assuming continuously apply big practice interviews side projects 1 2 years graduation fail 'll forced job local vancouver mediocre pay 'm adamant big 'd spend weeknights work weekends interview prep applications side projects switch mediocre job big scenario grinding big 'm 30 choose route absolutely life don 't hand don 't settle mediocrity large part improve feel don 't big improve companies paying 80k starting salary canada wouldn 't bad great company 'm interning pays 've read wall text guess proceed point thread tldr 'm mediocre student canada burnt grind attempt big unicorns don 't 'll terrible choice waste potential hard work settle mediocre job mediocre pay compared 70 80k cad live life ? kind don 't spending free time prep big side projects algorithm questions rest life 
'm wondering software engineer full career disruption coming ai machine learning plan work 30 years strong coder good knowledge cs fundamentals good grounding networks systems sufficient valuable future ? 
recently received summer internship offer large investment firm week half accept wanted extension contact recruiter due thanksgiving back offer letter due signed offer letter recruiter 3 days found project matching google internship reneg offer company understand bad practice bad reneg paperwork ? project matching google lasts 6 weeks guaranteeing internship solutions situation call company put hold duration project matching ? 
've lurking subreddit reached point feeling pretty hopeless terms interviews technical interview facebook companies due friend recommending adding recruiters linkedin applying internship posting linkedin company inter supply practicing crazy firecode leetcode simply 't interviews begin resume lack experience simply terrible applicant attached anonymous version resume apply appreciated feel 'm worth moment https drive google open ? id 0b3sqtrkxiie7cgpvr1dxtktjwfu 
freshman cs student arkansas excited graduate 3.5 years work proof dept bank feel god gifted special love programming hoping jobs combine love cs love lord 
accepted offer internship big 4 dream true company culture team work 'll things super excited 'll working machine learning undergrad absolutely couldn 't dreamed working big 4 year ago target school side projects managed interviews big 4 's 's largely due gave resume advice things increase chances possibly excited year ahead finally rest worry interviews time holidays 3 
company told dress code business casual lot candidates wearing suits bother wearing suit ? case matters bloomberg 
graduated university year bachelor 's systems management concentration information systems cnss 4011 certification quickly surprise job related experience college related degree technical writing pharmaceutical company small hometown quickly realized hate career path 've good catch degree cared basic coding experience usual world experience creative nature ideas side projects 't find 've turned coding interested found overwhelming 'm ready plunge online resources learn feel cs bachelor 's give foundation technology fundamentals learn boot camps learning 28k financial aid debt understand average don 't head debt worth university bachelor 's time cs ? financial aid pay 'll completely funded aid doesn 't make sense typos 'm quickly typing leave work job hate 'll reply questions hour information live kentucky opportunity move texas family year helps advice schools 's relevant advance advice information hope 
filter applicants based accomplishments practical knowledge rank job level determine good senior dev information years 've spent language tool 
stands 'm pretty deficient data structures good situations wondering taking glance good solutions algo problems general strategy problem stack problem crutch solving problems wondering 've experience transitioning 'm solve problems cold checking strategies current path 
tiny bit background junior college education worked year application server administrator fell job administrating systems software data analytics specifically sas tableau big company guess territory 'm sas certified day 's lot pressure learn sas language time future solid sort position ? jump bigger 4 5 years ? 
small familiy company coworkers submissive girl frustrated guy people hate job stick lined decided job sucked office worthless place started playing games actively push people side insults owners insults job constant put downs women jenny friends owners easy target happened great job time attempted bully realized flew handle posted stuff twitter insults coworkers posts flew handle dare insult side excluding actively bully complained owner company sided guy told jenny deserved apologize insulting bully time issues coworkers friendship boss long story short owner sided bullies idea shit pulled shit owners time mess coworkers don 't jenny made environment extremely toxic bottom social hierarchy shit job don 't jesus talking openly insulting owners front coworkers prove cool people find spot figure evidence significant fact girl showed guy company 's finances owners make instance 't directly love job coworkers bullies intention leaving job time switch jobs great source income 's finally perfect mix activities enjoy place abilities recognized fair square intention tolerating longer blows guy bully months ago made target work keeping mind professional power place owner sided bullies gave professional advantages thinks extremely highly don 't 't stand acting doesn 't suit wolrd view position ? edit 't evidence illegally realized 
senior ucsd programming year switching biology applying literally 100 companies internship summer heard back single company side project android app couple small online portfolio gpa isnt bad 3.2 increase chance internship chance summer ? 
'm computer science major track software engineering baltimore semester 74 credits makes junior ? knowledge java vb net taught basics html 'm software engineering club working android studio team ways internship chance puts month ago interview gdit general dynamics university interview super talk talked guy interviewed parking lot gave 's email address told email question apply open position message back 'm interview csrs thing happened time asked online apply position heard back point 'm tips applied gov internships summer 'll wait reply accepted don 't wanna seat wait suggestions company applied baltimore share share kind tips case bad news 
people shouldn 't intern place interned summer interns post reduce company wouldn 't forward consequences aware post negative review internship experience company ? made initial mistake telling people work graduate rejection email 's funny didn 't work wanted put opportunity back plan students run fast place 
days seek cscareerquestions 
pretty advantages disadvantages option ? 
hey guys wondering hard land job apple facebook google ? 's environment ? work companies future 
drexel online ms software engineering computer science track interesting pursuing advance career ? 
hey searches couldn 't find wanted background 'm recent graduate bachelors math 've basic cs intro courses stats discrete math graph theory lots linear algebra basically 've exposed common algorithms ds degree learning deeply doable 'm udacity front end told 'm python html css js basic 'm pretty clueless software engineering patterns architecture 'm canadian late twenties 'm reluctant move states long term limit career outlook ? front end pretty fun prefer software engineering type job eventually options front end job teach skills lack algorithms patterns moocs textbooks transition advanced role masters cs software engineering advantages earning money sooner professional coding experience advantages learn advanced content faster potentially 'fast track higher paying role masters cost 40,000 year figure earned premium 10,000 earn front end role pay quickly kind role seek 'm 've thought game dev honestly coding general kind back end enterprise ml role great degree masters chance specialty focus basically opinion option makes sense software engineers math degrees aware lot learn qualified role degree 'm confident ability learn holding job 'm planning applying masters accept decline depending decide put life hold waiting accepted feel lack knowledge make reasonable decision guess possibility couldn 't land front end job 'd grateful insight situation thoughts ? tl dr math graduate decide working front end learning software engineering taking masters cs software engineering move 
've fixed resume year hoping 'll land interviews googles industry year year landing interviews riot rockstar wasn 't direction wanted year big companies 'm land gaming industry ? 'm unsure medium sized company work versus large company work 'm excited beneficial long run 
28 graduating week illinois chicago undergraduate cs degree years experience startups stuff work graduating big impact future things don don make types decisions advice instance back time 1 year ago don waste summer jenky startup swallow pride internship program leverage work great company hindsight 20 20 graduate spend lot time learning books blogs research papers taking online courses stay sharp architect sr level developer 5 10 years accomplish work place pushes forward feel places ve worked quickly absorb tech stack spend rest time miscellaneous tickets chance explore technologies ve misfortune working toxic personalities work mature positive environment friends assured mature startup companies don problem order priority work good positive people happy productive work diverse technology stacks opportunities learn compensation 80k spousal healthcare coverage married crazy overtime expectations focus making 40 hour week productive home life decided leave startup ve reasons 1 2 ve friends work companies strongly recommend friend works large online clothing retailer meets criteria concerned 3 great coding standards testing soa cloud based infrastructure jenky php project hit learning cap 1 2 years absolutely great environment ve friend hiring team accenture company big mention feel good move project project learning tech weary consulting firms work life balance issues ve friend works smaller consulting firm heavy web based development spring question moves direction companies start companies big unknown interview guys toxic personalities high coding standards ? feel avoiding major tech corporations big banks good hear lot aren hip cutting edge tech compared purely tech companies heard avoiding defense good reasons times avoiding startups good job security low coding standards jr level developers feel good strategy find top 50 mediums sized tech companies offer promising learning opportunities large corporate structure super competitive big 4 lot graduates people leave job 1 2 years industry concerned career move impact big missing ? thought major aspects decision execute ? tame expectations bit work friend companies lot learn 1 2 years aren jenky startups experience greater things years ? continue highly selective decision ? tl dr graduating years experience anal retentive company work good people great learning opportunities good compensation impact career ? 
cscareerquestions title sais 'll 31 time finish cs degree advice trajectory background info previous experience ba economics mba mediamanaement typical mba extra courses media law media economics 3 years head marketing online travel agency move back home family reasons struggled finding job persued cs degree spent time sitting thumbs doubts time absolutelty love cs love coding learning skills math pretty daunting enjoy question previous experience full cs degree good direction head ? ideally utilize cs degree don 't waste degreees work experience idea greatly appreciated 
opportunity choose positions interesting reasons 'd hear opinion option roles linux kernel developer developing virtualization software run linux platforms kernel developer role appeals complexity work involves 'm afraid hands dirty assembly learning hardware works learning things kernel space requires focus performance security force adopt good coding practices make rounded engineer move roles virtualization side things feel demand close typical software developer positions job searching college experience focused lower level programming virtualization role exposed learn work cloud computing technologies don 't time read regular work hours things happily lost route choose hoping advice industry forecasts horror stories make decision 
recruiter recently emailed interview seattle san francisco openings san francisco internship fact openings increase chance hired comparison seattle ? prefer seattle 'd increase chances opportunity choose ? 
advice give grad joining 1 10 member fintech startup ? advantages disadvantages face ? 
year cs major decent school friends internship offers big companies good start ups 'm sitting rejections slightly interviews similar experiences internship past summer decently interviews companies interested 'm playing underdog role winter opportunities left put ass high gear resume reviewed told 's bad post anonymous resume needed 
'm 2nd year biology student planning switch majors ba route liberal education requirements met 1 semester bs route 'll start worth taking bs route ? road graduate program matter ? matter school doctorate 's ? 
criteria general rule place heavier emphasis ? 'm guessing gpa ? 
'm learn business analytics financial engineering eventually apply internships full time positions limited background economics basic macro micro thinking snag computational finance udemy 's coupon [this https www udacity machine learning trading ud501 udacity promising fundamentally 'm resources basic investments capital market knowledge general finance portfolio analytics risk quantitative analysis manipulating financial data matlab python computational investing advice people types jobs helpful 
'm infosci major 've basically taking cs courses code realize 'm burnt future liking coding wondering transition product management role future 'll 's creative 've heard 's hard straight college advice make transition ? im junior interning software engineering role summer 
doesnt belong semester refer classes taking successful computer science degree high marks specifically ? focus time programming operating systems individual subject semester 1 ? 
career planning find boiling question points stress money work research interesting work 90 private industry jobs understanding stressful lot hours pay worked researchers academic industry experience ? level stress workload ? approximate salary ? industry academic role ? extent choose research projects ? 
im semester cs major love aspect business end small business owner years building capital good idea minor business field business administration economics ? give higher chance itnternships jobs fintech companies ? 
'm paid 39.1 entry level developer cleveland ohio area average entry level 55k hired straight high school intern converted full time gig 've working company year half progressed day team software platforms developers bootcamp hire work platform developer works 've charge multiple important customer facing projects proven multiple times gather requirements project design implement project reviews deploy successfully boss 's big fan work 's happy progress issue pay feel 'm worth guy team bootcamp hire making 50 legitimately constructor told multiple occasions inheritance makes sense 's completely fine 've teaching helping love teaching problem starts recently acquired international company access millions dollars funding knowing boss raise bring salary closer market long shot asked 25 raise won 't happen requires promotion doesn 't 'm ready agree annoyed decided start resume date practice interview skills hire mentioned boss expand team thinks 'm good candidate team lead enjoy teaching proven 'm question cut losses company find someplace pay market ? wait company make team lead ? feel valuable experience 'm happen won 't paid 
reddit 'm graduating mis degree management information systems 've recently discovered enjoy programming 'm entertaining possibility don 't find job field school 've class java sql learned basics doubt job wondering university certificate software engineering 1 year find job programming opinion ? cs degree experience important ? 
? 
scheme starting work ? screw 'm ? 's permanent position contract states 6 months trial period 
've embedded software development 've thoughts quitting reason 's costing lot money don 't travels 'm make unbearable honestly 've hard time relating embedded engineering 've web development year loved 'm online courses web development finding focusing exclusively 'm simply point 'm involuntarily ditching material 'm supposed studying embedded 've hard time taking final decision quit focus web development 's relate embedded quit pay entire fee free exhausting travels travel costs lot studying failing grab interest 'm completely honest kinda ideally encouragement final decision quit 'm afraid 'll regret line honest opinions hear 'm confused proceed 'd 
starting job application development beginning year excited company amazing amazing culture confident cody ability ability learn concepts required job worried spelling grammar awful awful grade school communicate ideas writing speaker understand basic grammatical concepts 's sad combination difficultly learning school schools attended teaching concepts diligent writing things time edit proof read process takes time afraid time mistakes handle poor spelling poor writing developer ? 
'm wondering making choice switching computer science major information systems major intent network security specialist private industry place department defense 'm sophomore college stressing 2 3 years decide future major switch hold great impact career plans ? current state status earning degree ensure job field college ? things add resume things free time upcoming winter break coming don 't waste 
cscareerquestions 'm wondering bad reflects employee good excuse past companies 've worked low salary 've lot fun parties bunch friends work recently switched jobs couple months ago bigger company american department friends eat 're holiday party evening friday banquet hall 's hour live commute 'm interested socialize feel click decline outlook afraid managers 'm respond ? 
'm exaggerating damage 'm months feel lack experience causing bugs haven 't explicitly called bugs fault working project 's 80 working final 20 processes prevent minimize amount bugs ? bat things writing write post pen paper kind checklist testing precommit basic unit tests functionality run basic user actions ensure work evolving process quick run peer review developer assuming time major feature links books suggestions greatly appreciated 
ill short 'm phone amd hate typing specific qiestions additional info proficiencies certs verifyable experience satisfied project managers asp net mvc basic javascript jquery html css sql learn obv required hirable remote dev perl python django node js golang innumerable javascript frameworks angular knockout php java ?????? requirements remote gig remote flexible hours exception meetings code reviews performance based quality work delivered amount time spent visible company chat client 50 hours week assuming tasks delegated exceptions allowable long routine full time employment job security benefits expectable salaried job dogs children 8 hour workday block subdivides day archaic inefficient programmers work bursts hours 8 hours straight wanna play guitar gym play videogame 8pm 5am work underwear drive country visit family blowing 2 years worth accrued vacation water week work cscareerquestions feasible ? kind interview comversations ? technologues learn increase hirability ? discern good bad companies company hiring remote workers obscure ive heard ? learning targeted technology things increase hirability ? reasonable timeline accomolish goals ? 
'm jr dev work place chaotic 'm constantly coding 5 6 languages projects things majored biology undergrad started python questions scenario normal ? tips dying ? 
3 half years computer science degree college 5 years trudging class 3.2 gpa beginning college career continue classes harder realizing classes tutors scared computer science coding abilities takes competing job enjoy idea power coding anxiety constant failures coding constant work engineering classes knowledge understanding programming subreddit advice struggling student worrying picked degree ? advice 
guys nbsp title suggests accepted sans cyber academy partnership sans uk government 's 10 week 9 5 central london nbsp 've online found information recognized sans netsec industry hoping feedback guys ? wanted advice financing 10 week contacting recruiters companies hope cover expenses training contractual obligation work years nbsp guys ? 've hoping penetration testing awhile experience swedish military support jobs work software development nbsp joakim 
tl dr version wall text 'm starting 'm good development side don 't current situation 'm don 't fit experience current lack motivation bear 'm guys comp sci wanted make games 8 years bachelor 's plenty personal issues 've personal stuff free time friends code enjoy ended dev position turned devops fired year slow terrible codebase click people dev testing gig turned qa managed moved dev position level abysmal spend good time teaching people basics months bosses told move position mandatory overtime close coding left wanted code current gig real deal development classic crud architecture yay wrote real code applications automate generation entities ease workload thing level huge feel idiot learning key 'm tasked segments project sql css 've touched 'm struggling 's deadline tomorrow guess lot past sql assignments 'm gonna make 've therapy family environment huge steem problems leads anxiety leads fail leads low steem yay 't shake feeling 'm smart quick gigs situation similar outcome shit long tl dr problems don 't handle tomorrow 've 'm fail 'm fearing fired speed time don 't broadly speaking don 't life fired end hating wanted make games switched code 'm good 'm thinking games testing boring fuck interest operations tied call 's fit ? rant explanation idea motivation ? 
individuals university graduated realizing wasn 't wanted foundational knowledge java python loops logical reasoning basic algorithms apply creating projects suitable cs graduate originally year study lsat don 't afford law school anymore questions 1 building projects pathway ? 2 learner separate cs majors ? obscure skillset framework ? 3 feasible ? 'm kind person sit code 5 6 hours time daily problem days 7 8 hours hope determination continues difficult road ahead thinking making small apps learning contribute open source 1 android app basic tapping swiping game score counter 2 app creates training schedule runners based start date type race 3 thinking learning build website host resume projects foot door ? edit 'm 'm graduating december extra term 

proficient swift maintaining app app store months expand territories ios utility apps learn servers web development feel confused options languages routes languages web programming creating backends apps ? 
background student california community college studying computer science transfer fall 2018 gpa 3.0 assume remain 's static transfer question 's considerations made choosing target school transfer ? recommended colleges community suggests california ? state considered ? uc csu ? proximity large tech city sf matter ? 
canadian citizen graduated cs degree years software development experiences canada moved japan ten years planning move back canada trouble find job ? employers reference referee japanese speak english 
career progression software engineer major bank ? 
? heard typical interviews ? 
've recently decided move austin learn program jumpstart career 've job market years 'm 30 thinking applying bootcamp taking continuing educatin classes uta good advice ? closet crash months roommate 
interview grad soft engineer shopify kinds interviews algo ds type stuff confused project choose show ? detail explain things interviewer isn 't familiar ? things talk ? design tech stack ? projects hackathons haven 't written tests write tests interviewing ? 
'm fresh grad jobs interested software consultancy firms wondering differences ? 
offer snap full time grad 'm sorta terrified missing ipo 'll start june technically haven 't date speculation early march wait till summer 300 stock issue give shares day ipo 2x bump share 's worth amount dropped joined worth 's enticing crazy thoughts ? 
attend coding house 't give opinion reviews make lose money return don 't shell 20k change life scammed reviews pros classmates amazing love great bond created great monitors cons lies curriculum lies instructors experience great guys people charged amounts education unethical job assistance partnerships lies feels cheated cramped space lack communication physical threats members staff saved email day made staff member mario upset leaving note silly message mario proceed threaten student left house staff member sarah defended email wrote email day apologies sarah email yesterday don recall write support don girl defend gall write note pissed channel anger frustration inviting forward identify duke coding house soccer field mission blvd mission san jose hs im challenging men full body contact hitting neck don chicken im small 5 4 130 lbs im waiting reply screenshot email http imgur pct2r happened ? apologies sanctions threating students mario working completetly unacceptable 's thing knew joined joined big absence senior cohort coding house 's program advertised phase 2 students mentor phase 1 students students phase ahead packed bags left exception 1 knew disatisfaction program frustrations owner nick james teacher weird vibe figure basically lot problems lead instructor instructor main instructor left abruptly didn 't reactjs defensive argumentative students good questions eviction note posted door realized full month ago coding house ordered vacate premises landlord renting hoa pleasanton felt living illegally environment hide couldn 't cars coding house blinds closed sign agreement essentially wouldn 't venture 'd neighborhood facilities parks bike paths weird code give damn wanted truth make wasn 't 18k dollars program shut halfway talked nick james 's real problems started condescending dismissive things knew untrue research online main beef coding house lies condescending treatment adults paid product worse find coding house mandated shut 2015 ca government call bppe bureau postsecondary education confirm coding house ordered cease desist activity refund current past students talked nick answer pending approval lie denied approval ordered shut responsibility inform current prospective students inform adds pending approval operate tiny font legalese terms service small hidden button ch website dishonest read judgment coding house ca law bppe denial operate coding house required law inform students pending approval denied approval appealing denial nick james argument yeah denied approval operate allowed appeal technically operate time required students current students ch approved operate present time pending approval aren 't pending approval denied appealed denial rejected told disconnect phone lines refund students cease forms operation guess appeal citations basically elongate process 's clear operating illegally paying money illegal operation pretty reasonable person wanted ch made sacrifices lot people commitment lightly chose ch choice meant 10 legit approved bootcamps solid proven instructors brings gripe 2 weeks instruction kind fell clear reached end rope lead instructor honestly don 't blame 's nice guy 's fairly recent 1 year grad ch don 't cs professor facebook engineer teach people react javascript mongodb experience doesn 't straight institution fact instruction ch bred people instuctor 1 2 2 left abruptly replaced apparently 2 lot student complaints liberal arts background people instructed directly coding house graduation aka field experience ta 1 2 ch students stayed graduation couldn 't find job ch offered housing exchange 50 hr work week ta 1 left abruptly week don 't blame tas strong coder hell wouldn 't 'm qualified teach mern stack fourteen weeks experience thing cheap coding house doesnt pay hire talented ch grad instructors 's weirdly incestuous teachers basically students living house drinking smoking weed prude don 't give shit 're charging 18 22k experts professionals show class time worked tech industry focus educating bro pal fishy 's tas treated paid wage cramped housing quarters exchange 50 hrs week guys paid ch incurred debt 't jobs program kinds problems read bppe articles ch pay debt working falling evict charge isn 't healthy fishy legality residence research 'll 've kicked city individual landlords continuously running business residential areas permits informing students denied approval operate mandated ca law nick james talks issues pretends friendly care experience ch start questions 's talking culture fit ch 'll draw exit paperwork share information students 'll violation clauses contract face legal action stickler rules forgive give 4 good instructors paid 18k 'm 1 student instructor 1 lead instructor 1 year experience teaching kind coding 3 months experience react ? ? silver lining guess silver lining made great friends bullshit kind bind truth program honestly scaring don 't feel comfortable house police shown cohort 's tense uncomfortable environment people dropping left including instructor ta 's working 'm linkedin hordes people ch resume employed kind web dev capacity online bureau proved ch fabricating 's 95 graduates find jobs statistics huge magnitude ch proven fabricating graduates work companies smoke mirrors recent cohort previous cohorts looked problems outlined earlier reviews corrected haven 't risking legal action posting nick james history sue legally stifle students post ch critical light important letting people make educated choice decisions read reviews read citations ca government read 24 counts denial statement attend coding house luck honestly hope succeed ch improve program 's issue informed consent sign legalese chaining coding house deserve real growing problems program http www bppe ca gov enforcement actions cit 1617026 pdf pending administrative hearing statement issues http www bppe ca gov enforcement actions cit 1000841 110416 pdf 
companies employ algorithm style coding interviews interns language specific questions ? 
apply palantir london curious 2 roles viewed compared fdse viewed lower se programme ? compare future growth salary ? 
round interview fine invitation interview didn 't bring source code 's net web development position don 't projects finished time couple days expectations situations ? recommendations tips source code handle situations ? 
'd internship program hudl interview process rounds kind technical questions glassdoor pay pretty low compared tech companies 16 18 hr provide housing 'm curious program experience 
hours work min 's mobile application consumes simple data service displays user 20 years experience strong high end projects worked years interviews 've time 've asked reasonable common ? 
20 years work finance computer science love learn code spare time day 've clue language teach 'm interested gaming side area art design area 'm bad art wouldn 't mind ethical hacking area advice languages learn ? 
offered job startup sv significantly pay cost leaving bubble lower cost living offer competitive decent bit digging cost living comparisons technically 'm paid 5 10k end day 'm honestly concerned money experience location 'm extra 5 10 401 investments long question 've offered formal contract 'd back monday worry ? 'm familiar startup world unaware negotiations work 
hey idea 3 years experience windows administrator vmware general server maintenance tons responsibilities due working huge corporation influence chances finding job programming ? 've learning absolutely fell love switch administration coding input advance 
hey taking break studying finals post months ago uni 's cs department issued emails internship program undergraduate amount classes projected summer long story short hesitated apply threw resume poor organized listing wanted program offer skill wise declined immediately fellow peers landed interview deeply good chunk people land interview simply put fourth effort class sounds condescending good reason state simple observation people landed interview turned homework months ago intro programming questions lab generally assignments hours complete elaborate area company ge digital note worth company offers paid internships cs students pay professors stated internship program greatly increase chances graduating program landing future jobs honestly doubt opportunity fall apply summer program sucks opportunity expand skills corporate environment making good money financially support semester questions applying landing internship 1 structure resume ? examples ? 2 difficult job experience internship ? heard ends spectrum friends 3 open source work github include resume ? 4 sitting 3.0 3.1 gpa 's cs classes bad ? gpa ? 5 stands recruiters resumes cover letters ? pointers advice improve chances internship importantly foot door declined solely resume note resume garbage rid plan making scratch 
senior sql developer dba 7 years experience database design development administration business intelligence big data edw etl data modeling past 2 months searching company big tech hub texas due company changing technology stacks don 't align long term career personal growth goals current company intermediate sized 500 employees make 115,000 low col area 7 years deep database experience 4 companies gaps employment history skillset current technologies arise 2 months myriad interviews salary severe lowball 25k salary decrease offer didn 't 'd cultural fit declined offer seeking specific business domain knowledge motions find wanted degree cut communication altogether explanation experience technical skills depth past highly sought found landing 4 jobs easily procure offers companies hassle 2 months current company 2 years 've found rock hard place difficult unexpected time finding job interview personable spoken perform white boards ease speak db concepts date mssql emerging rdms nosql dbs encompass couple theories finding fit 1 degree back experience 've noticed surge companies wanting formal education taught minimal hand holding 2 net experience back robust mssql experience area wanting dive continue sql skills date 2016 emerging db technologies 3 resume sucks 've fine tuned ten times appears good 've negative feedback 's fine tuned thought 've resume feedback thread times haven 't hits critique 've asked recruiters improve stated rounded solid 4 time isn 't time 've job hunted fall year found jobs spring summer don 't big factor 's 've jumbled thought factor thought worth mentioning 5 salary salary average senior sql developers dbas area 115,000 point career 'm higher salary lateral move pay cut company solid culture rising tech growing years 's warding potential employers 6 current title senior sql developer simply sql developer dba senior designation realize senior indications sized companies 'm worried title industry 7 year senior odd point people 9 10 year senior 've 2 offers extended declined salary culture 3 sites multiple phone screens prior didn 't end offer 2 offered explanation practically cut communication 1 wanted business domain knowledge countless 30 minute 1 hour phone screens recruiters hr reps point 'm factor 'm leaning salary high degree aware suck interviewing thought incredibly interviews past 2 months evidence point true career thoughts appreciated expand point needed 
opportunities junior software engineer working abap 's proprietary limited sap technology 's similar common dev languages years stuck writing abap rest career ? 'm dev job 
extremely hesitant hate idea unpaid work haven 't interviews 've applied 100 places experience hopes paid internship ? 're interviews 's resume https imgur 5vjucmx jpg 
im 2nd semester community college registered declared major compsci web development transfer 4 year college aa bs compsci 'm thoughts path 'm taking wise web development spend 2 3 years 4 year college earn bs compsci ? cost extra year community college courses web development learn option web development forget bs 4 year college reading form 'm consensus bs 'm young means jobs outlook web development field bs ? advice appreciated 
factset reputable software engineering ? 
graduating december received 3 offers past semester good offers notch average midwest united states chicago surprised interviews asked write code whiteboard worst things 's interface explain encapsulation 'm surprised 60k yr job easy ? abnormal things happen competitive companies ? 's worth noting companies large corporations software companies accepted small software company web apps 25 people edit exceptional student university 
've programming 5 years hobby enjoy programming 's problem question degree safer bet career opportunities future ? split computer science business major looked mix thought safer bet incase needed fallback retail job reading degrees bit people cs major major ? cs degree give opportunities business jobs degree ? median salary cs degree correct ? guys 
interviewed axiom zen software developer intern position ? expect technical skype interview ? 
job application software jobvite smartrecruiters taleo icims workday feel irritating 
hackathon hackathon style project startup explaining bullet points precisely ? 
years 've job hopped disappointingly bad tech companies chicago recently 've ended hyperpolitical startup 's stressing point regularly feel urge industry altogether good leads tech companies city ? point 'd prefer small established stable company engineers treated respect decency impossibly difficult find 'm avoiding trading firms due long hours typically require 
understanding correct 2.5 month software dev internship complete project week ? explain life cycle agile development ? 
selective realm facebook apple 've lots stats application offer acceptance rates past application screen 
hey guys graduated june cs degree school bay area ca school internships summer lazy played league legends drank beer time fast forward late junior year math degree realized wanted switch cs summer courses graduated time cs degree 2.8 gpa school lets math courses cs electives basically didn 't cs courses core courses math courses counted electives cs classes ds algorithms theory computation os programming languages computer architecture don 't web dev databases networks cloud designing mobile applications systems programming tiny bit core cs theory managed find job internships palo alto ca software company paid 90k yr low balled coworkers grads 110 yr 30k signing bonus job temporary hate designing windows desktop apps honestly stand boring job 'd love learn web applications mobile applications interesting job july leave decent amount ds algorithms courses college practicing leetcode honestly takes problem good wondering higher paying job job interesting fields web app development start preparing ? companies bay area expect lot web app dev ds algorithms stuff crucial ? people jobs google knowing absolutely web app dev ds algorithms ? surely stuff working ds algorithms find passion ? honestly don 't begin honest guys regret focusing school feel rushed cs degree fast barely home 9 pm gym week days time practice interviews stuff end day make good job 
'm web developer job 's pretty hard months 've realized slow track compared people years experience frameworks missed working past job made employable 's don 't compare anymore years experience 'm company places people jobs pays based sorts work past years experience number end 'm fine junior job continue working relevant experience 7 years experience field applied hundreds jobs haven 't offers mid level jobs 's junior jobs companies hire based potential pre emptive response 'll 're expensive hire junior experience 'm fine earning junior salary shouldn 't hard match make 25 contractor earning job relevant experience modern frameworks personal projects past resume screening part care lot personal projects short years experience suggest mid level senior depending actual work lack familiarity 's demand companies suggests junior problem placing ton potential jobs companies don 't set expectations based years 've worked field ? 
started junior full stack dev graduating bootcamp cs major ee major work small company developers boss 's 10 years catches modern technologies enjoy working boss patient make great team learned larger development environment love drawing painting hobby position lot creative freedom ux designer graphics designer 'm efficient experienced position taught lot 've writing javascript frontend rails backend small issue money student loans credit card debt money 300 dollars month rent debt payment gave 16 pay increase 3 month test period initial salary 50k 58k grateful negotiate 52k promotion 've working extremely hard 1 hour early stay 7 9pm work 've worked weekend months meet deadline put 60 70 hours work week promotion early year 12 65k happy thing bump salary 58k 60k live atlanta ? study technical interviews job stay ? 
specifically internships company 's large jump top 's mind 's fairly selective lower standards apply sort safety schools ? phrasing isn 't meant sound pretentious 's referring places objectively selective google 
received offer american express wasn 't interested interviewed week interview hoping offer campus awesome employees happy campus tour projects team sounded pretty interesting offer pretty good area offering signing bonus experience working american express financial technology company ? 
started job month 'm anxiety screw 'm ? 've working hard good performance review end month ? don 't fired job university 5 months left probationary period december 
start ctci book prepare technical interview im wondering dont feel lost book 
'm 2 years career 've switched jobs python shop java shop 'm familiar java hands dirty pains complexity setting tools data scraping api transforming internal data feel order build web app day 's work python week java thinking good idea suggest team tools languages ? contrast 've heard horror stories teams multiple projects consisting languages opinion ? 
sitting job transition programming lower back issues friend mine related sitting time office chair problems ? 
'm interning nl feel bit warm body elaborate feel feel 're investing strong mentoring program communicate frequently mentor work approach upcoming project bad stuff 1 hiring process applied 40 companies summer internships 2016 back time gpa perfect 4.0 side projects experience felt school challenging uhcl interested 12 13 credit hours semester working felt free time semester found place basically gpa fuck terms perfect candidate 's stupid 2 fast forward half internship barely feel handle codebase 'm working mentor spends generous amount time 'll spend hours basic things work don 't understand conceptually happen 'm familiar codebase understand exists leverage manager checks progress unfamiliar scope project start learn starts turn heat explain isn 't research oriented asked specifics approach default mentor suggested approaches didn 't workout manager feels 'm independent employee familiar work winds defending 'm compassion meeting mentor nice stuff position 'm feel 's compassion saving butt find researchier approach project manager pleased feeling salvaging 's left summer end year round offers interns floating office 'm person receive turned gladly accept company feel defaulted funding general feel shaky programming skills 'm butterfingered typist find revising approach problem scalability multithreaded stuff git vc don 't feel good handle feel slow read code multiple times start grasp viewing mentor starts spouting process 
'm junior internships luck building side projects hope 've considered taking semester fall spring taking internship delay graduation lot competitive summer internships 'd internship good bad idea ? 
intro class object found job paying 20 hour ? 15 units shy graduation 'd ton personal projects ? 
enrolled mongo101js back october learn mongodb passed 100 score discount 50 c100dev exam spend 75 exam benefit ? information matters 'm student living india studying computer science 
weird question 's havent asked appearance don 't 're fat skinny race things facial piercings earrings guy tattoos make unprofessional issue ? 
struggling student loans hoping feedback community opportunities taught software engineering plenty resources lynda freecodecamp osu github possibly treehouse process make real world ? feedback 
attending school offers computer systems networking telecommunications planned path aa school transfer offers cs degree stands software engineer sort honest haven 't lot exposure programming don 't don 't ya ? don 't wrong enjoy coding programming make thinking degree transferring masters computer science program offered georgia tech give nice amount exposure areas top give diverse skill set thoughts ? asked question itcareerquestions answers sides coin advance advice 
itch travel haven 't accommodate don 't time vacation week feel month months make asshole employer long regular work hours job deciding ? 
've exploring web dev 's part curriculum computer engineering student closer metal general employers degree computer engineering desirable desirable roughly equivalent cs degree ? 
lead data scientist 3 years experience 10 years experience air traffic control supervisor end year salary review pay bump dismally low asked boss felt salary offered stated guy team leave anytime pay underpaying wait market rate year tpshortly continue working enjoy problems working economic development pay raise market lead data scientist team boss isn 't budge hands tied ? 'm guessing find job 
school pretty hard median 2.7 cs students 3.05 graduating cs students wondering gpa affect chance jobs top companies big 4 top unicorns 
recently home coding test requires solution parse strings specifications guidelines simply language long solution correctly process input question building simple website inputs display correct output alright hand js file parsing method 
friend mine works food bank theyre website wondered wanted advertise promote work wanted im web developer learning android development experience make connections freelance work future im 19 taught programming gain experience begin earning time made web apps restful apis basic wordpress sites itd good make website change feel process heres thing voluntary totally fine food bank brilliant work 'd honored promote thing dont work long run havent talk theyre due call im limb assume dont domains hosting sort dont mind helping set wondering options hosting support im leaning shared hosting due server maintenance care spare time wouldnt mind keeping wp installation date itd basic website issue ongoing support time world im coding stuff projects day end world quickly fix im working freelancing doesnt il spare time point day tie loose ends reasonable expect terms ongoing support ? describing expect long term support ? im thinking printing pages services im offering instructions admin page bit pack guess feel itd add nice touch im works paying clients field ? charge ongoing support ? site brakes ? experience id input 
't stop won 't stop don 't stop coding rant thread rants caps lock downvotes feel free break rule 2 likes don 't post racist homophobic sexist bullshit 'll faster speeding tracer ranting begins midnight friday coast time previous friday rant threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? friday +rant +thread restrict sr sort 
offer work ads relevance team linkedin 'm inclined promising mid sized fintech startup sf 've inclined infra api layer kind stuff 's kind team 'll fintech startup offer linkedin relevance team open lot doors avenues ml data mining worst case don 't ml data mining year linkedin hard transition backend role linkedin company ? advance 
average companies pay software engineers 1 3 higher salaries 
'm balance technical details high level descriptions application 
recommended friend started post sit fix situation junior attending online university studying computer science addicted video games life finally quit today family friends talk addiction screwed college life talk started attending university time back addicting game life counter strike past 3 4 years completely neglected school bullshitted 'm completely surprised 've paid source code 've paid assignment 've knowing 2 curriculum 've fucked wasted tons money time things finally quit addiction subreddit advice start computer science career 0 knowledge access classes programmer ill advice hate answer tl dr wasted 3 years education money addiction advice start semi decent programmer 
starting salary bloomberg grad ? 
received offer company equity 10,000 shares exercise price 5 ? company clear evaluation equity package ? 
's month 've applied haven 't received communication 
knocking gen ed courses electives math local community college couple years recently started working cs courses computer science programming 1 2 end school year wanting transfer earning associates computer science city provide opportunities girlfriend problem university transfer doesn 't cs courses equivalent online equivalency service shows transfer elective credits compared descriptions cover topics planning taking linear algebra spring issue descriptions identical contacting people cs department university leverage ? situation comparable buying car ? work ? 4.0 gpa community college classes issue calculus courses science courses transfer fine don 't repeat entry level cs courses 100 set school universities small towns state 
person history 2 years junior software developer 2 year software developer 1 2 years senior consultant consultant bad career ? person find job product focused company ? projects worked consultant pretty typical software developer projects 
'm europe graduating 5 year computer engineering degree wondering hard find job california green card citizenship ? huge companies hire foreigners smaller hire ? 
throwaway obvious reasons 've mulling awhile basically 's feel 'm missing compared larger universities home program feel 's lack quality reason person graduate school stuff program analysis figuring 's safe stuff school lacks doesn 't offer classes kind stuff people interested projects years 've lacking research projects feel 'm screwed sophomore year didn 't good project lined materials research didn 't circuits class basically ended junior year joined machine learning lab turns don 't publishing pace stuff directed slow senior year 'm slated independent project firmly put research area graduate studies school stuff finding people interested struggle gpa perfect lack personal projects means feel 'm doomed tips ? 'm undergrad struggling killer semester probability signals systems operating systems electromagnetics semester feel 'm running time tips leverage left order increase chances graduate school 'm turning senior project compiler program analysis project starting read papers pldi 2016 ideas date research work dragon book sicp mit gnu scheme taking ai computer vision courses semester planning eventually cover set category theory questions undergraduate research ? internship government contractor company 'm applying reu programs larger universities fear won 't real chance opportunities plausible supposedly average student ? sacrifice senior project topic 's related talk research groups application cycle closer ? planning establish relationships research groups tips advice build relationships researchers field bite bullet order raise chances 
email made finish line event ? formal invitation details travel hotel arrangements event ? hoping hear attending 
reading guys graduate cs degree work related field 've studying android dev side 've created 3 apps google play simple apps thought great company employees customers ordering app customer place order app work log app employees track work activities app sends info server app user print pdf report month made extensive app basically made job search posting app communicated parse server back end finished udemy android job app utilizes skills taught lot added worried 1 apps created quantity quality 2 cs degree work experience don 't skill level good actual jobs guess ? send resumes turns ? 
bit background 'm rails developer graduated december employed february 3 months year experience 'm working remotely earn decent money live half company pay employees feel lost 'm future contract company stated minute warning question term long term growth ? learn technology pay employed ? enjoy working remotely travel 'm involved small project company develop functionality enjoy working colleagues 'm scared future advice 
23 finished peoples standards good degree 've working solidly 17 odd jobs 13 college volunteer programme find loved 'm demonstrate theory im slacker 've graduated started working feel 'm lacking motivation thrilled work crazy hours money companies 've opportunity advancement feel work day 'm stuck staring screen 'm bored companies tech related big small considered cool jobs people jobs ? eventually boring filled busywork ? 
lurking time read stories graduates good offers read stories graduates find job im freshman cs major college start preparing im offers end job graduating 
hey rejected company wanted work onsite thought 'm sophomore matter hard interviews super lucky interview company 'm depressed work experience research experience leading half mind drop cs rejections 
posting throwaway account interview lined mentioned firms 2 years straight college 'm move recruiters companies reached curious worth software engineer versus trader firms ? interned gs ms jpm college didn 't back 're reminded constantly 're class citizen companies 're traders job firms jane street sigma hyped lot situation ? 
offered position today plan moving literally 20 minutes back lunch offer meeting owner company called office thanked work gave check haven 't turned notice position 90 set stone feel super guilty give bonus back current employer smaller 'm contractual obligation bonus feels wrong accepting ? ? 
accepted year round position national lab telecommute school year 20 hours work full time summer 40 hours interned summer group project position long worry pigeon holed work 'll diverse experience interned differently summer question cut internship year years internship time ? graduate years experience ? info graduate school national labs relationship beneficial 
previously interned big 4 company didn 't return offer 4 interviews fall led offer goldman offering 7 ish big 4 salary 6k importantly 's offer 've people shit goldman red flag searching full time moved big 4 goldman sachs ? feel people round 
hey guys 'm year bcs university waterloo 'm failing math courses 'm cs courses honestly continue rate won 't end finishing degree tougher 2 internships belt unfamiliar uw 6 coops total big companies canada 4 interviews big names cali suck technical interviewing 'm planning spending coop don 't spend year failing cs decided 1 defer year school find 3 coops year put 4 coops total 3rd coop apply full time jobs drop completely safest drop completely issue h1b visa degree hard ? 1 switch economics degree 2 close friends economics uwaterloo courses interesting interesting math cs courses enjoy coding workload significantly lighter econ spend ton time side projects issue hard find developer job econ degree specifically assuming good people bcs web dev side projects coops insight awesome alternatives awesome lot people stick bcs degree idk honestly feel fail honestly feel stupid compared peers academics tldr hard good cs job econ degree ? hard work company full time degree ? 
earlier semester started applying usual places region intern work 's december panning 'm struggling find places apply wouldn 't waste time 2.9 gpa summer research couple hackathon projects 'm competitive candidate usual firms mentioned university 's internship job board limited guess 'm suggestions finding internships 

european student summer fall winter 2017 internship read book 'cracking coding interview improved resume tips tricks gpa 3.6 nbsp apply selected reviewing resume profile add difficulty 'm international student visa related citizen ? nbsp main question recruiters interviewers screen resumes ? screen resumes day 9 5 [ats https en wikipedia org wiki applicant tracking system ? 10 30 seconds screening ? 
feel lot people glorify manager naive observation managers spend majority time attending meetings meeting people teams important success team 's project managers learn transferable skill ? case find job manager ? 
hey 'm process designing web page portfolio active resume potential employers 'm fairly happy current design bit lost content wondering insight employers ? don 't open source contributions crazy projects 'd prefer simply clone resume advice ? 
recently finish ibm interview process ? 've links finish line events wondering long hear back guru interview guide interview 'm supposed dedicated resource partner interview process email recruiter 's email xxx ibm phone number listed contact ? mistake 
kind schools software developer job ? 
times stuck time complexity recursive solution analyze ? case public class solution public list list integer getfactors int list list integer result arraylist list integer helper result arraylist integer 2 return result public void helper list list integer result list integer item int int start 1 item size 1 result add arraylist integer item return int start +i 0 item add helper result item item remove item size 1 good resource understand find complexity solutions interviews ? 
start pay minimum wage web development ? ideas stories share ? 
thinking experience internships friends 't recall reverse linked list flip tree upside work shows good thinkers point questions don 't reflect challenges work ? input ? 
work government organization process building education pipeline netsec competency core component instructors qualifications depth knowledge operating system network security expert level proficiency x86 assembly expert level proficiency deep understanding regular expressions context free grammars familiar systems exploitation assistance toolkits core impact msf comfortable reverse engineering patches discover original vulnerabilities experience instructing aforementioned topics ts sci security clearance located augusta ga acutely aware caliber personnel don 't live base pay incl benefits meets quit current job uproot family move country stay augusta ga indeterminate amount time ? hours legally binding 80 2 week period 'm justify 175 250 range doe higher reasoning justification normal bureaucratic organization thrives legions mediocre people small teams elite personnel 
lot classes year normal 4 years cs classes 2 years job focused school work mistake job graduate don 't end break vacation summer relaxed job past 3 months interviews 3 6 months feel reek desperation unemployed wrong passed companies 
live town doesn 't developer jobs wife great career doesn 't make sense move resources find remote job opportunities government ? 
follow [recruiters interviewers screen resumes ? https www reddit cscareerquestions comments 5fjzls recruitersinterviewers youthey screen found website named interviewing io beta directly technical interview practice show skills anonymously 's great citizen occasionally biased race studied question alternatives [interviewing io http interviewing io ? similar ? side note made feature request hackerrank skill based applying hiring challenge chance hired sending information 
recruiter setting interview ? ? technical interview xxxx enjoyed talking forward steps 
phone screen jr mid level developer position today 've year half admit 'm pretty junior test pretty advanced goal build page displays sample resume parsed text file guy gave isn 't developer hour end day tomorrow send back basically 24 hours parsing resume trivial task ? extra points angular react honestly don 't start played ajax hours rendering blob text screen hour junior developer ? edit add page styled responsive asked text resume rendered main problem breaking text things supposed opposed big text blob 'll give guess 'll working edit 2 figured honestly longer hour ha 
[resume http imgur 9wycfsf png guys 'm adelaide australia finished final year school year 12 applying internships hold end school start university 've received offer 12 week internship working 30 hours week pay lower expected 18.50 hour marginally higher minimum wage 17.70 hour wondering negotiate 20 hour put shut thankful offer ? internship advertised contacted directly applying full time dev position month prior edit brought starting 20 hour 
've current data science job school months 's thought 've data analysis rest basically dba pipeline work facilitating data analysis making recommendations putting models production 've questions months data scientist left immediately joined impacting performance quality work typical data scientist roles ? don 't mind data cleaning setting things building models analyzing data 's ton tedious stuff things 
've finished semester bach science computer science murdoch uni australia 'm major pick major 't make mind options mind choices limited 'm studying externally part time plan extra unit speed things 've added links 'm directing feedback [computer science http handbook murdoch au courses details ? compscm year 2017 current major options [mathematics statistics http handbook murdoch au courses details ? mastm year 2017 [cyber forensics information security http handbook murdoch au courses details ? year 2017 12046 [games software design production http handbook murdoch au courses details ? year 2017 96690 [games technology http handbook murdoch au courses details ? year 2017 gamtecmjm maths weak 's 'm bad haven 't introduced maths year 10 aus long time ago 'm 31 wasn 't interested schooling education foundation units build feel manage fine hard work stand pair comp sci maths major cyber forensic info sec major 'm interested job gaming love playing tons games feel 'd stronger interest areas math cyber forensic info sec reason include options case missed clear outcome 'm completely comp science pick pick mathematics statistics strongest choice terms didn 't maths major time 've read hope hear ideas opinions 
attempting decompile exe file figure language 've ida pro avail debugging decompilation programs don 't function properly windows ten 
bit long 'm working short term project school assigned fortune 500 company work project web application data analysis project haven 't access team employee directly involved gathering data developing website access website manager claims data science experience trouble communicating goal direction 't possibly results obtain time express concern told open ended exploratory project good insisting machine learning data lack demographic unique user ids site tagging exception data worth mentioning internal site doesn 't products ads 's due useless visualizations basically shows google analytics dashboard shows don 't basically time machine learning data 't helpful linear regression call day advice situation ? wrong information ? happen real industry ? don 't repeat case 'm giving 'project tl dr project goal expected data science data 't 'manager provide information resulting useless 'project sidenote 'm student data science web analytics training cs background machine learning courses 
offer 32k grad job london 'm wondering typical ? 
've working qa intern past month 've good opportunity kind roles work corporate software development 'm figuring graduate job caught eye product owner product owner ? dislike job ? opportunities career advancement ? feel po specific company finance public health feel couldn 't move industry career ? 
'm kind lost work finance consulting 3 years experience make change software development engineering necessarily web development past year 've teaching work time feel 've improved great deal don 't feel 'm employable rejected final rounds recently 'm eager quit job focus learning full time 'm thinking kind structured environment good end 'm thinking choices make 1 bachelors cs degree bachelors 2 masters cs degree high undergrad gpa helps albeit economics degree 3 boot camp months 4 don 't quit job continue learn time 'm feeling pretty 4 moment stress level job work lot level exhaustion work learning consistently long don 't lot hobbies anymore social life decision making process make successful transitions finance consulting software dev ? advice degree degree bootcamp route 
contacted recruiter linkedin past month 've worked recruiter reading people 's experiences 'm hesitant work person didn 't sell job wanted talk 'm interested good sign ? biggest concern working 's super pushy 've looked company 's small 2 person team recruiter contacted founder 've read site convince work 's initial impression feelings change 've talked questions work recruiter assume 'll transparent positions 'm interested find ? apply recruiter ? 
realize cs professions people accounting human resources don 't home accounting human resource projects generally speaking interviewers don 't nurses assist people free time ? [these things common cs people enjoy jobs hobbies don 't pertain job lot people cs thinking enjoy stuff [like jobs realizing job enjoy lifestyle lifetime learning 'm impression people cs money honestly feel making mistake 'm people cs money dont realize things mentioned people job career money realizing work realizing work hard older opposite industries valuable technologies change continue work hard ultrasound technician requires associates make 65g salary graduation options healthcare field money mistake downer joined cs interested cs enjoy job realize things realizations worse money wanted share 
recently laid work month days phone call hr person recruiter sticking point find pure pick language choice person isn 't experience touched fair number languages years view lot people developers strange view people rigid learn skills rejected job strong person interview skill mismatch skills learned completely base interview 80 java 2 years simple rudely told phone wouldn 't considered ? 
tl dr version 'm relative kidnapped entire family freaked fuck talks moving rest family canada graduate 'm brazilian born canadian citizen living brazil situation likelihood 'm back canada couple years steps cv won 't automatically thrown graduated latin american university ? questions mind internships big companies main office ? focus personal projects change stuff local community relatable international audience canadians especifically matter ? 
active duty military member goal completing osu 's online cs degree separate program post bacc program requirements bachelor 's unrelated field questions considered unrelated field computer science complicated ? cs degree separate active duty route option enrolled palmetto college 's information management systems program university south carolina 's satellite campuses online wondering make ineligible program basically route freaking possibility working ultimately unattainable emailed admissions team basically told apply find accepted similar degree program find specific degree requirement grateful link listing degree 'm working http publications uscupstate admissions 1617 academiccatalog 100 classes informatics classes cs classes 
'm internship 't find details full time offers specifically equity amount offer care share ranges ? company lot 'm intern place work full time 'm put full time packages offers full time compensation differs 've figured offers firms 't find mongodb 's equity package feel free pm don 't share thread 
guys cs major year college pre med year switched cs love class taking related major intro java experience internship summer ? wait till junior year ? 
detail 'm recent grad canada studied states working startup bay area due political climate strong possibility visa revoked moment trump takes office intention abolishing renegotiating pulling nafta visa 'm preparing worst case scenario start interviewing bigger companies afford sponsor h1 honest recruiters explaining left early ? legitimate startup major reorg true high level execs left couple senior people didnt feel comfortable current situation job ? 
4th year university computer science related 'm planning work related studies transition current study field programming learning programming building stuff 5 months tons online courses resources study projects build mind resources great add real world experience situation goals website http axelguy ga job developer remote 's promotional 's personal site build portfolio 's search engines started internship entry level job early ? hands dirty real world projects 've posts subreddit remote internships people cs students remote internship job guy citizen ? reason remote surrounded english speakers 'm planning live abroad experience valuable 'm work free exchange valuable experience job unpaid wouldn 't good experience simple challenging tasks disappointing recommendations ? stop internships jobs focus time learning building stuff 3 months ? period searching job ? job searching sucks consumes lot time spend time learning system people experience upload resume information portfolio visible employers cool dedicate hours day read job posts apply companies ? 
reddit time view case bit background 'm citizen undergrad school bs cs gpa 3.7 graduated 2016 wife green card nbsp jobs find low paid ios developer jobs web development jobs small companies boss doesn 't code review teach 'm 's nbsp 1 'm citizen nbsp 2 state university nbsp 3 campus job experience 2 years part time data analysis job medical school lab data 's hard foreigners internships language barrier visa problem junior year passed interviews western digital big data analyst intern position boss lot end manager looked profile didn 't approve hire put hope time effort dedicated big data intern prep time make tiny ios game website university graduate nbsp program outsourcing trend feel replaceable learning called skill nbsp 'm permanent resident status friend told ccna certificate oracle database certificate 'm companies outsource network database jobs asia nbsp guys good idea ? 'm good study taking tests internship database junior database admin ? network administrator bust ass certificate green card break experience job cycle ? 
apologies long post job completing masters research degree data mining machine learning large consultancy firm uk role junior data scientist team company employed director start data science team 6 months haven 't started real project pocs weeks long director tech telling work pipeline happened began 'm basically paid sit reading books learning tech frameworks picked python motivation problem small team 'm fresh graduate colleagues data science working world person lead aren 't developers software engineers data engineers team atm expectations development experience working big data engineers degree software engineering learning java technologies design patterns worked software engineer masters straight 'm thinking moving perusing big data engineer role marketing big data developer machine learning 've learning hadoop ecosystem spark started learning scala downtime expensive courses paid problem start applying development jobs won 't exp things tdd git agile xp kanban recruiters big data roles uk london contract based feel bit lost advise appreciated 
graduated summer fly back home deal family stuff months 'm back work technically pretty early search 'm offer 12 month contract pretty decent pay question taking contract position job college bad ? wasn 't find full time work ? avoid contract work altogether ? job ? advancement opportunities ? advice talk stuff 'd 
hey cscareerquestions 'm schedule year half background 'm working bs ms computer science minor electrical engineering 'd software job bay area ca graduate 5 internships engineering company back 6th software department summer question 'm taking 5 cs classes normal semester filler class systems software class semester semester minor electrical engineering double major computer engineering based classes 've significant benefits double major coe cs cs electrical engineering minor ? don 't job hardware firmware 'm apprehensive don 't engineering courses 20 hr week ta job side projects huge classes semester project based boost resume 
hey 'm 3rd year computer science software engineering major cc student good backup universities upcoming 2017 academic year 3.67 gpa 3.5 ish semester finished major pre requisites end spring 'm california resident interested state 've applied san jose state university cal poly slo schools pretty competitive admission 'm comfortable backups 'm csu chico csu fresno csu stanislaus sonoma state good advice narrowing backups major ? apply 2 options don 't pick school limited cs se program suggestions appreciated 

'm interested software engineering possibly web developer friends web dev degree unrelated cs job short time months 's worked jobs contractor 's unemployed struggling find work swing back living mom 's apartment government assistance housing 's living year sounds ridiculous grad employment situation 's years experience isn 't case half software engineers 5 software engineers struggling make ends meet worried worried ? path don 't cs degree ? 
thread discussions big 4 questions related big 4 offers doggy benefits companies big 4 ? posts focusing solely big 4 created thread removed abide rules don 't jerk thread posted sunday wednesday midnight pst previous big 4 discussion threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? big +4 +discussion restrict sr sort 
thinking learning don 't plan changing jobs asp net mvc developer alternatives decide switch jobs thinking learning googled people learned bumped post [golang post https www reddit golang comments 1bxadf learn code people answered learned wrote bindings protocol made distributed control system connecting bunch plc controlled elevators writing logic drivers network interfaces ui wrote lot simple stuff favorite server emulator mmorpg wrote zx spectrum emulator awesome things don 't things wouldn 't start developer engineer skip lot basic cs stuff ? spend time reading cs ? suck ? don 't suck don 't start knowledge reading anxiety induced question 
thread resume advice critiques read [resume faq https www reddit cscareerquestions wiki faq resumes implement advice abide rules don 't jerk thread posted tuesday saturday midnight pst previous resume advice threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? resume +advice +thread restrict sr sort 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
status de shaw respect technical reputation technical fintech hft finance bb firms ? 
hive mind expertise offered software development position big 4 tempted pay lures team builder tools comfortable working applications working specific domain 's finance expand horizons learn finance works instance motivated builder tools 'm falls opportunities open ? challenge ? guess automating builds scalability issue growing company future true false ? 
gents chosen controverse topic house outsourced software inside companies subject masters 's part masters selection process 'm updated specific research matter located articles insourcing outsourcing specific time appreciated helping fellow programmer 
knowledgeable hpc chime live southern europe sc physics 'm start master high performance computing write master quotes 's call 's actual master 's degree sc 's practical focusing practical skills 's shorter sc 's 9 months courses 6 9 thesis project 'm worried real sc hinder chances finding good job making decent career 'm wondering professional figures exist world hpc industry academia title 've divided engineers set manage machines scientists applications positions require master 's degree phd 'd love scientific computing love programming love science curriculum ? academia request industry sc practical experience ? decent career path stuck junior positions life lack titles ? notes random order 'd sysadmin don 't education don 't 'd choose 'd scientific software developer ideal job considered sc programmes germany spain 're cool 'm late apply winter semester 'd wait 6 months admit lose place master experience hpc bachelor 's thesis 2 months internship research center 's made field master involve lot hands work project thesis experience belt 'm decide 'm bit lost 'd possibilities pursue route real master 's degree advance suggestion 
graduated college bachelors computer science software engineering applying jobs luck pouring hours learn programming feel understand syntax programming write code lack ability solve problems good handle challenges hacker rank totally fail resources solve problems ? give ? 
competing offers wondering disclose offers negotiate give hard numbers send offer letter pdf ? 
lot people talk job software engineering doesn 't ml isn 't exciting true workforce ? interesting work uber airbnb facebook doesn 't machine learning drastically underestimating importance ml ? 
years experience skills decent job recently technology company imaging 's 3 decades 'm part small dev team find windows xp virtual machine development environment projects setup visual studio 6 source safe 6 source control code 3 decades company line documentation existent attempts made document platforms depends ubuntu 10.04 vm 't updated 've asked 've considered newer response yeah money time stop thinking reading find complete tasks 've ? 
'm taking os semester don 't os concepts site week os grad position ? 
hey guys technical phone screenings sites spend chunks 45 minutes single interviewer time questions aim time ? previous phone screenings sites 've equivalent leetcode mediums time 've finished talking initial thoughts writing code answering 1 2 follow questions 's 45 minutes follow questions 'm worried spend time talking point 's longer helpful 'm wasting time 
'm planning switching jobs prepping interview software companies reference 've working bit year graduating college brushing database stuff writing queries optimizing ? 'm familiar basics sql write bad queries admit writing queries google lot forget specific syntax reasonable expect interviewers design queries swe role ? 
started back school year semester 'm taking intro class 'll java certificate end school year taking winter summer classes job internship summer transfer uni bachelor 's hope compared 21 year grads bachelors 
'm double minor applied stats computer science 'm taking oop web development databases mysql php js html css semester couple fcc projects belt python sqlite projects school wondering coursework portfolio outweigh lack cs major ? 
's talk software engineering jane street sigma trader researcher places ? phd ? areas math stats ml relevant industry ? focus order follow path ? 
medium severe depression finished quarter 'm jobs 've couple leads sizzle past phone screen onsite interview healthcare company state 's 65k year feeling 's kind dead endish 've high hopes months ordeal depression flaring 'm feeling worthless day bothered respond application didn 't interviewing desperate emailed qualified applicants role lot competition position made cut round crushed stayed bed day day tldr feel weak worthless don 't jobs 'm officially school don 't degree atrophy 've heard companies don 't people couldn 't find job school kind give deal ? 
clickbaity title naive perspective felt lazy people losers fired felt authority employer sets rules loosing job crossed mind don 't kind person break rules fired happened naive view shattered joined company promised performance review time started wondering happen knew work end contract meeting boss isn 't happy work didn 't talk bad things started shitting disrespectful told things surprised stance behavior defended didn 't didn 't performance review meeting wasn 't performance review end meeting told prolong contract 2 months give chance prove gave contract sign week end month wasn 't contract 2 months month told prolong month lazy excuse day end month told wont prolonging contract lie fired didn 't leave anger explaining things work 's initial meeting boss planned find job company people suck hard meeting accelerated fired 2 interviews company waiting back 3rd interview question contract expired ? make bad open questions uncomfortable answer lie pretend leaving company ? edit clarify things country firing employee difficult sign contract lasts time prolong law 's contracting work 
'm tired working 5 stacks week 'm sick nimble senior developer compliment yesterday declaring company fireman 8 devs team 'm turning day disasters 's 'm front end developer ran agency years freelanced 4 years totally agency work spent months working agency product wasn 't bad spend time putting fires agency 'm jack trades master 'm skilled wordpress coder doesn 't pay bills anymore 'm good picking technologies fly 'm tired cking day live occasional thursday afternoon work project continuous hours surprisingly 't catch eye agency companies realize 's numbers game accept fat lady lot php resume makes harder takes time lot resumes missing ? front end development eating world find hard skills aren 't demand suggestions hamster wheel don 't slightly focused hamster wheel ? 
onsite interview bloomberg internship wondering specific questions ? 've preparing leetcode questions ? specific ds algorithms recommends ? 
's large possibility interviewing appian week offer capital capital slightly easier commute 'm eligible free corporate housing appian pays 's longer commute offer subsidized housing appian solely tech company capital bank play role decision ? mentoring appian fact 's smaller company based 've found linkedin number appian employees end big 4 companies hard find capital helps 'm sophomore college 
ive working month ui developer turned ui designer gig pays poorly 12 hr commute 2hrs day havent coding ive prototyping screens wysiwyg editor researching layout portion app dont leave job year searching resume bland feel making projects lol 
structure bloomberg onsites london grad swe ? info find ny 'm differs 
recently accepted offer linkedin tools infrastructure position experience position interning linkedin ? programming languages work interns advance 
hired impression company ? process ? personally don 't home interviews part interview process company absolutely 's worth effort elaborate 'm spend 4 hours assignment prove competency company find don 't fit culturally don 't meet expectations 's huge waste time call slacker doesn 't drive honestly interview process imperfect crap chute party 4 hours lot time add process marginal imho 'm figure generalize quality company based assign home assignments opposed traditional phone screens sites ? 'd figure putting effort companies conduct interviews 
benefitted forum past amas give strugg bus hope ? 
jack trades master 've experimented disciplines embedded systems operating systems security system administration desktop applications graphics video game development web development database administration artificial intelligence interest areas 've bounced super marketable area 've recently established focus web development extremely deep topic work depends heavily job market 's lot easier find job web developer video game developer experience 'd work areas free time point aren 't hours week deal plethora computer science disciplines ? prefer ? realize ? sacrifice interests career opportunities ? fit time computer science interests ? 
tips application hands sort spot networking ? 
've talked people sit stare computer time don 't people skills hobbies 'm wizard computer related frustrating guys free time people typically swe ? cooking fitness working cars 
engineers experienced wazoo complete team top bottom full stack managed basically company box built thing revenue didn 't hockey stick importantly realized isn 't hockey stick 're working 's super important acknowledge choice decide slog 2 3 4 years ramen frankly highly diluted future uncertain outcome bundle team work importantly working offer offer unsolicited leader team 's job opportunities question usual informal chats people network world contained killer team bazillion worth cloud credits major platforms usual credits big caught attention remember back glorious dot days sv team put auction ebay pretty 's allowed anymore major job sites bundled teams ? put word craiglist reddit hn ? suggestions 
'm tuition fees cs costs 2x majors save money ended enrolling machine learning program statistics department top 10 school logic cs courses cs majors save 20k tuition fees career fair couple hiring managers pigeonholed data roles hard software engineering position true ? edit responses guess means work harder 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
've school finance degree years working financial advisor honestly 't stand year teaching programming networking made mind back school pursue degree software engineering related 'm 100 leverage comp sci degree quant job stick finance complete 180 move security system architecture confident narrow plan place interesting bad habit jumping subjects frequently wanted opinions back bachelor degree masters comp sci related undergrad work ? 'm pretty positive back school solely environment learning osmosis sorts structured learning path suit jumping random subjects time fact option local uni home state louisiana 've gathered pricing bachelors degree 4 years masters 3.5 factoring pre reqs state degree made sense financially cut time required greatly improve education experience personally feel bachelors degree leave foundation jumping masters program prepared advisor local uni met assured plenty people biggest issue moving don 't jump quickly make huge mistake advance replies 
time posts people software engineers lot forums social media posts reddit 'm worried 's lot positions types software engineers usa paranoid job growth rate estimate 17 till 2024 prove wrong wouldn 't increase positions lead lower salary position common ? answer helpful 
grad divorced married semester graduated living arrangement college didn 't work poor life decision part dragging work performance schedule past months spend days work experience burn relocated social support extremely difficult figuring recover manager ? 
attending full stack boot camp nyc kicked week poor performance won 't details 't put resume halfway material difficult complete rest independently wondering apply boot camp ? job don 't experience resume ? 'm stay nyc provide information needed 
recently graduated bachelors fine arts emphasizing painting drawing minor art history moved back parents months ago california applying jobs crazy 't stand living parents idea kind jobs apply job experience mediocre waitressing makeup artist call center receptionist art industry problem feel college state college opportunities art majors didn 't require graphic design figure drawing portraiture don 't skills area art jobs require heavy graphic design experience set art industry good job good pay substitute teacher decent money 's basically confirmed hate teaching don 't subbing isn 't regular job forever job etsy shop belong local art associations sell work side 's slow working question industries art degree ? feel qualified jobs bachelor 's degree heard back job 've applied linkedin 've home make pump reseme foot door ?? feel lost 
graduated university year web development job closing year 'm php javascript job 's web development job 's lot fun don 't restricted web developer work languages main question locked language developer ? noticed applying jobs lot don 't require programmer 3 years experience require programmer 3 years experience java net learned uni work experience php javascript question 's good amount time stay job ? 'm enjoying lot 'm hurry leave promotion opportunities current job aren 't order eventually move responsibility pay 'd job 'm thinking 3 year mark good time 
understand nuances language person 's skill recommendations approaching languages don 't workplace ? 
've worked company 3 years started department 6 people data work 're 30 people majority reporting dedicated people warehousing bi early wore hat needed 1.5 years 've focus building web applications development recently 've solo dev older dev join team 've training 've heard 's pretty excited 've team grow future chain command signaled 'll team lead move project management role great manager reports director bi manager 0 programming experience guy doesn 't add process doesn 't understand applications made role prioritize development 'm left make technical decisions train people means understand implications decisions situation leaves bit bad taste mouth 'm paid developer job team lead holding manager 's hand point make case 'm choice charge development manager 's authority reduced don 't discuss 's manager 's interest experience advice appreciated 
've software developer 3 years don 't formal background algorithms data structures 've reading sedgewick 's algorithms ctci practicing easy medium problems leetcode 's weakest aspect interviewing position step enroll coursera encountered companies startups don 't technical questions ? 'm debate technical interview process 'm stop studying options current sde professionals rusty formal background heard colleagues boeing nbcuniversal starbucks colleges universities technical questions focus experience responses behavioral questions 
'm 26 year coder pakistan 5 years experience move secular country find job year finally found russia 's choice mind 's ? economically russia tough times awhile back feet job ? russia good place field ? 
'm sophomore decide internships 'd sort feedback pertaining company 
'm aware side projects important learn lack word functional programming solve problem accomplish goal academic type work learn concepts 're implementing 'd big boy job wondering specifics matter wanted make google chrome extension made school 's website show ratemyprof ratings important front end companies ? wanted make app android put workout routine record days worked sets exercise ? specifics matter ? js html css ? [insert idea side note chrome thing html css javascript make sucker ? 
interview google engineering practicum exciting 've technical interview study practice month interview mentioned java 'm comfortable python questions java ??? 
crappy english friend mine texted yesterday asked program java 'm semester cs education feel kinda confident programmed bit java finnished cs50 projects java started told direct contact companies students work part time dont qualify manage interview fail feel good pass opertunity foot door learn experience interviews guys ? intresting projects add portfolio impress interviewer ? 
learn angular 2 spring boot job job tasked creating web app internal company mentor provided reasonable time frame familiar frameworks project making progress feels 'm hacking angular 2 tutorial making specific components find guys learning framework language ? 
'm grad good offers 2 bigs fb amzn medium company total annual comp coming 130 160 190 reason don 't 190 don 't work menlo park good position negotiate lower offers aren 't cali heard amzn doesn 't negotiate ? 've read threads salary negotiations don 't dealing negotiating salaries high ? 
insight culture tinder ? 'm starting interview process tinder couple competing offers wanted learn bit tinder stack working big 4 terms prestige pay 
apologize wrong place post reddit awhile couldn 't find bridge program thought bet wondering experience bridge program nyu coming stem undergraduate background hoping eventually pursue masters cs bridge program nyu newer program designed individuals stem backgrounds catch finish 15 week program higher eligible masters programs [here link program http engineering nyu academics departments computer science engineering majors programs bridge experience bridge program similar ? program degree certificate program intended prepare individual masters program route taught cs related work experience ? 
received job offers role jack trades support desk deskside mix opportunity move roles eventually pay jobs offer similar benefits commute lot shorter jack trades offer lot smaller company stunting growth purely end user support role ? biggest concern pigeonholed role 't time don 't sacrifice opportunity large salary increase environment happier smaller company hard gauge environment larger thoughts 
5 days ago stopped mobile game company live internships list computer science internships college recommended pretty weren 't offering internships send information met people company added linkedin account programmer met cfo company gave mail mobile game apps send resume feel thing don 't lot show 4 small projects total 's 'm debating wait longer create mobile app project send skills send resume remember coming associates degree december number upper division programming courses csu gpa poor 2.3 honors program mobile programming class 'm worried won 't send qualified resume dream work place hope send reading 
apologies allowed removed push direction subreddit idea app 've majority 'storyboarding basically drawing individual frames pages app click work back end bit 'm supposed programmer means basic html find design house point show idea frames quote cost create ? assume point quote baseline investors start raising funds design build app pushing forward marketing yeah ? 've heard average cost app 150,000 outrageous par ? app related purchase delivery front end buyers back end sellers website manage make apologies ultra simplifying process don 't planning 'm work partner order accomplish planning process advice hope 're day 
hey guys finished codility challenge se internship summer received 0 challenges passed test cases custom edge cases mistake part messed ? email company explain ? 
've [this guide google https www google careers students guide technical development html compensate massive knowledge gaps compared cs major realized pretty late don 't networking databases thought originally wanted dba information tech degree wanting blow brains 2 internships hold candle cs friends 'd competent 'll back degree future finance learning building projects ? planning taking discrete math java rest year start learning algorithms sedgewick 's books building android project app 
'm sophomore university ended good conversation career fair higher local software company invited site tour meet dev team time applying internships haven 't tips experience leave good impression ? tips wear appreciated 
'm aspiring web developer making great progress html css 'm tackle javascript thought today things things clients ? free lance work bit lucrative people notice ? advance guys 
moved programming interview subreddit 100 users phone interview reputable company software engineering internship 'll programming interview cramming hardcore nervous questioned projects 've worked expectations interview realistically low 's programming interview school months programmer year change studied sdlc uml diagrams topics related software engineering abstract level prior program grad school spent past year reading programming books studying programming school continuing ed classes graduation haven 't contributed programming projects classes planning future learn experienced programmers learn quality code question answer inevitable question projects 've worked ? things 've made password generation program current job 's reviewed tested coworker 've updating needed 's involved good continue learning implementing efficient practices concepts prototype arduino past month started reading arduino book online tutorials putting arduino 's early mention areas programming 'm passionate kind projects 'd contribute acceptable answers ? 's 've feel free skewer area 'm lacking suggestions ways effectively answer question super green helpful 
12th grader nepal studying business management haven 't studies computer subject highschool till grade 8th meaning don 't foundation coding basics specific computer fairly 's don 't theoretical knowledge persue career cs planning study university educational system cs experience bachelor cs uni ? simply apply depend specific university boasting clear idea issue pretty good maths count answer reccomendation appreciated taking time 
primary interests living web development break rut 's demand increase answer dummy curious 
planning shared credit program university 3 masters level courses undergrad program count bachelors masters semesters complete masters decide management computer science 've talked advisor difference 've discussed programming professors difference 't decide degree benefit ? management interest minor possibly work startup someday enjoy leading team people hand competent programmer paid haven 't looked courses management degree computer science degree ai class machine learning class classes sound make lot job open door higher positions straight job spring year half work experience strong interest virtual reality video game development pays isn 't miserable work environment haha sound naive thoughts ? 
received offer internship startup hasn 't launched unpaid offer common situation ? stipulate academic credit part graduation requires internship research opting 
thinking sleeve tattoo 1 2 2 3 sleeve 'm wondering affects future cs career 
recently received offer godaddy internship sunnyvale office wondering previous interns employees experiences office godaddy general 
's situation position company contract company work essentially 'm work company employee company company decides contract expensive companies decided essentially transfer company direct employees ultimately results layoff severance hire issue employee company worse benefits 'd stayed original company primarily higher medical fees lower 401 matching contribution leverage negotiate salary ? ? 
hear alot people entering field don 't thing programming makes difficult 'll find classes start january find boring easy challenged ? 's math ? 
recently internship offer 'm concerned suspicious job winter break mobile development internship small startup thing tipped thing order job pretty simple coding challenge short nontechnical skype interview reading companies 4 5 round interviews ctci easy point concern benefits compensation promising basically initially told pay reasonable travel expenses fly location provide room board duration internship prodded hourly wage told budget give compensation room board travel pretty shocked heard legal pay employees ? thinking taking internship point 'm junior worked research 'd industry experience resume graduate avoid pigeonholing figured experience visit place exchange weeks work bad trade today dropped big bombshell bought plane ticket informed cover half ticket price absolute cheapest flight find 's making pay extravagant travel arrangements point basically paying hundred dollars work mentioned reimbursement limit previous correspondence 'm pretty 's case statement pay reasonable travel expenses assumed people fly class haven 't find reimbursement limits concrete number gave limit bought ticket 'm pretty upset situation options follow internship losing money dignity gaining resume item thing makes option appealing company offered give tours facebook google offices ? apparently friends unsure trust stuff happened internship cancel plane ticket work home possibility drop completely focus research winter break advice proceed ? 'm feeling pretty torn wanting industry experience uncomfortable exploitation 
hey received email raytheon morning interview phone afternoon software engineer position abrupt scheduling interview ? ? specific prepare ? guys love ya 
graduated working junior dev months job challenging feel 's fine recently realized manager thinks 'm age traditional grad based comment made team meeting assumed knew age didn 't list high school resume happen high school didn 't idea wanted technical school awhile worked jobs awhile transferring year age 24 sooner 'm boss find age track employee birthdays feel 's gonna bit awkward 'm green developer feel people lower expectations 'm kid 'm concerned realize age 's gonna feeling dude 27 sucks badly ? questions high school don 't great answer guess 'm wondering react found fellow developer pretty inexperienced green years older thought ? change expectations standards work ? worrying ? 
taught web developer knowledge algorithms cs theory learn cs concepts link found discussing http stackoverflow questions 747292 computer science concepts google https www google careers students guide technical development html resources appreciable 
companies snapchat don 't list intern roles online 
accepted offer full time big 4 gave offer negotiate offer ? ? strongly prefer company work offer offer ? 've accepted lost negotiating power ? guys situation ? 
developer 1010 data interviewed don 't make insite working ? 
100 question 
recruiter contacted linkedin phone chat asked current salary dodged lines don 't discuss early stage process brought 'm range replied 'm guessing 're ? low end minus 10k dodged asked current bonuses overtime past year asked bonuses base salary dodge basically lines 'll current salary give guys resume 't 'i 've guy 's perfect position current salary 'well 's 'll laugh replied 's comparable positions skills ? successfully successfully ? avoided initial phone convo recruiter 's expecting proceeds 'm underpaid current job large compression issue paid job lol screw ? advice 
master 's program universit chicago ? response current student recent graduate wonderful 
current plan spend semester studying abroad return united states graduate 've options 've realized extra classes semester abroad graduate semester back home main concern post graduation employment make process difficult problem working time difference skype phone interviews 'm concerned unable physically office disadvantage interview process validity thinking ? attend school scholarship living stipend extra semester wouldn 't cost opportunity cost 4 months working give chance interview jobs normal manner details due commitments couldn 't semester abroad time 've planned studying field unrelated cs earn minor graduation 7 months removed cs place reliable wifi cell service contacting employers issue problem physically meeting employers 
book blogs podcasts recommendations 
heading folsom ca interview intel graphics sw position sort questions expect 'm college grad work experience experience graphics development 
short introduction started programming 2 years ago background bit html wordpress extraordinary started learning objective ios started liking eventually switched companies started freelancing things moving fast recently accepted offer lead ios developer company felt learn quicker comfort zone technically im junior developer responsibility handling team begginer programmers india scalable architecture solutions fix bugs deliver features week feel handle moment step ? choice live hard find ios developers wont easy find developer feel 'm worth money giving average developer wage love programming path takes lot energy solve tasks quick rate situation ? 
suggest https www reddit cscareerquestions comments 5g8mdp resume advice thread december 03 2016 daqduej 
wanting back degree isnt marketable end japan heard software engineers paid japan route ? 
told dress casual snapchat onsite interview work engineers wear dress similarly ? planning wearing nice sneakers black shirt khakis dressy ? 
offer join top prop trading hedge fund citadel tower drw jump sigma hrt quant research prop trading hedge funds generally selective prestigious top tech companies software dev rank scale ? 'd implementing trading strategies low level language gui work traders 'd pursuing switch trading quant research firm work interesting implementing trading strategies 
hey student cuny college 2 semesters graduation apply internship summer figure outclassed applying positions college attend small computer science department load light leaves worry par peers 3.69 gpa decent understanding java understand inheritance polymorphism functions file io classes basic topics understand linked list double linked list hash tables binary trees stacks ques arrays vectors sorting algorithms important topics knowledge assembly language operating systems ? classes passed lot material ear sadly key tools information learn attempting internship interview ? 'm figure bit impostor syndrome things missed education 
note software engineering actual cs completely understand 're mass influx professionals don 't trust hate 'm indian past months 've active sense slight prejudice people india h1b workers general eventually work brag 'm pretty good cs 've interned big 4 'm active contributor fairly big open source project hope work place google facebook graduate general hate people ? yeah sound arrogant 'm brag worried ? people brought cheap labor ? sounds validation 'm scared 
extended offer summer internship company love work talk make previous interactions 's listed job description 're pay position town afford live summer don 't rude mess opportunity professionally 'm paid offer ? 
input team treehouse 's tech degree ? taking find reviews jump entry level job extensiveness courses completed careers experience ? 
's talk jobs felt overqualified underqualified projects didn 't deliver social problems people office importantly learned lessons improved job project 
good shot job kcura 'm company 's reputation software engineering world work care talk ? guys heard company ? 're based chicago apparently cool stuff machine learning legal world 
work software engineer company recently 've working side projects related personal interests 've intrigued data analysis machine learning 've building fantasy sports system python scrape web statistics genetic learning predict optimal player lineups haven 't passion enjoyment project school wondering related jobs 's plenty work data analysts work software data analyst 's make bit average 've heard big 4 lot work data data work separate computer science work ? master 's work machine learning ai ? input appreciated 
finance firms higher base salary bonus unicorns potentially tip scales ipo higher expected net income ? 
recently applied dropbox intern position unlike google facebook didn 't receive confirmation email la facebook gmail wondering didn 't send confirmation emails worrying possibly mistyped email form 's correct cover letter 
key people gigs live burlington vt area 've dozen established software companies pretty good quality life gigabit internet good schools low crime tons stuff outdoors missing weather isn 't factor ? 
'm year undergraduate eu summer internship laboratory university abroad [summer epfl http ic epfl ch summeratepfl established research program international students specific programs suit interest ? kinds stuff proceed contacting professors doc postdoc students 'll lot easier programs couldn 't find website 'll happy learn similar experiences people contacted professors hear advice finding opportunity top universities scholarship summer heard external scholarship students study abroad helpful interest 
history ten years experience support major computer company bs ma teaching english living japan teach university light work thinking return skills certifications options 1 comptia certs back 2 enroll coding bootcamp python ios swiftcode job programmer experience feel market saturated someways unstable jobs easily outsourced idea coding problem solving feel digital nomad living abroad coding established thoughts ? 
idea final processes interviewing cloudera deadline receiving offer wouldn 't time make decision 'm case offer cloudera located palo alto optum located schaumburg illinois cloudera assume prestigious company work heavy preference optum 's location personal reasons freshman internship capital spring question cloudera worth country forgoing personal preferences long distance girlfriend opposed close ? main concern decision 'm learn plenty companies noble reason difference make resume capital sophomore year interviews big tech companies ? capital optum interviews great companies optum 
'm recent cs grad laid startup working past 8 months grad intern software engineer offers companies totally confused work couple startups smaller 1 10 people fintech startup work based rails angular android previous job sap solution delivery center offered job lesser pay give training free certification exams internal courses joining mobile ui team choose accept give training internal tools 'm totally confused choose planning good grad school couple years helps make choice 
microsoft fun campus interviews ? 
hey 'm 23 year 3 years experience 1 year service desk 2 years windows sysadmin year discovered love coding programming thing 'm enjoying learning computer field thinking switching programming related job idea positions sysadmin skills experience dont matter programming world assume entry level stuff advise positions ? stick sysadmin position focus certificates degrees ? advance answers 
decent idea roles work company feel company slightly titles arranges roles differently makes pretty confusing job postings instance manager senior lead pretty role ? love hear people works company give quick sentence title responsible 
won place moderately competitive hackathon awards projects 'm bullets prioritize content points explanation award award header 
original thread month ago 'm pussy post 's tl dr 2 year work experience laid job dc gf school la wanted la find job attempt live severance pay strenuous weeks 've decided drive dc la didn 't deal buying cars flying computer arrived safely driving 40 hours 5 days luckily interviews set trip moment arrived straight interview preparation 'interview coding test subject matter barely understood didn 't standard phone screening led onsite interview managed squeak received offer 've accepted starting needless 'm happy days prior life stable living parents boring 've wanted live city west coast action finally things aligned opportunity risky chance turned decision life 
recruiter told times phone interview shedules week response normal ? 
's option school cheap live pa highly doubt 'd cmu pitt expensive 'm 30 don 't dorm living dorms housing option don 't clarion clarion isn 't worth time money options ideas ? 'd love pitt 34k year tuition room board exorbitant http www clarion academics colleges schools college business administration information sciences computer information science 
'm branching cyber security current position concern development opportunities interested application system development security baked development cycle shoehorned product end experience field people discuss development opportunities cyber security background ? 
've working year job 's opportunities interested prestigious job learn grow skills question guys applying local jobs hang interviewing interview company 'm interested ? interviewing job 2 3 interviews felt lot confident talking guys terms keeping track situations ran make good answers soft hr style questions ? feel bad memory types situations struggle examples spot 
'm part 10 person development team 1 problem constantly fail hit features stories committed sprint 1 thing quoting sucks plain suck estimating hours 's assume great estimating 're bit 's real 'll 100 accurate 'm curious handle customers ? stay working late hours weekends hit sprint transparent customers letting things longer expected reality won 't complete huge issue team hoping insight teams functioning potentially works hand don 't happen create culture sandbagging people don 't work late job hand service customer deliver promised 'm curious balance teams 
moving country 10 months intended stay current job didn 't start job quit year late thoughts current job feel learning junior developer learn lots skills job feel dead end stuck working small things learning things company work moves slow pace 's small team limited working minor things people long time work features lost leave feel 'm wasting time time don 't start job quit move feel keeping job months bad resume won 't significance include situation ? 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
dont live universities unknown employers friend living employers dont care country university graduated care major ? major math cs pursue career programming big difference employers view math degree cs degree close skills situations ? learning high levels math match major general add programming skills ? 
offered 30 minute phone interview symantec sre intern position sort things expect interview ? shouldn 't picky 'm freshman experiences interning working symantec share ? advance 
bachelor 's degree biology thoughts back school associate degree computer science local community college degree ? bachelor 's degree computer science ? 
curious kind adjustments hardest moving europe west coast east coast south midwest move intended short term 1 2 years longterm citizenship talking lifestyle mindset workplace 
im 30 earn 30k grad graphic design dont back studying university age 'm happy current role ios developer learning swift spent couple years home studying making decent apps land entry level ios developer job 25 30k develop career direction ? cs degree hold back ? 
middle applying job love hear back question forefront application year half worth professional experience year 've barely worth noting 'm assignments complete assignments 've led project created app answer question ? 
[this talk https www youtube watch ? ey5foccwpm8 checking newly published videos scala bay author didn 't share tool reddit pretty target audience http ds shlegeris 's pretty cool haven 't triplebyte 'm companies people make interview process 
email 3rd party agency background checks weren 't verify past employment remember put resume summer job south korea back 2014 computer repair stuff turns business closed 3 months left contact information basically background checking agency 't verify past employment offer rescinded ? 
graduating month 've noticed lot job postings toronto vancouver area intermediate senior internship level jobs junior grad jobs 20 months internship experience differences places 5 coop terms 've applying intermediate jobs junior grad postings times hear back companies occasions call interview send email found experience role 've finally job offer places interned pretty shocked offer talking friends graduating year friends 've graduated years land job place interned end moving states canadian market bad fresh grads suck interview process ? job university starting salary ? 
note aimed college living nyc till college credit card semester worth regard housing situation make significant difference credit history job fb google ny ? thinking income shouldn 't matter 
series events led company 's data team offering position data engineer 'd sql ability fairly strong specific languages systems modelling bring speed ? team tools looker bi data pulls visualization scala spark python guess 's matter preference person 'd etl work toughest part understanding flow systems connect talk extracting data raw files amazon s3 staging concept git repo testing schema structures learn ? 've recently exposure unix commands stuff mac terminal common team key buzzwords ? 
wan 't guys 1 good software development opportunities ireland ? 2 compared income tax trends salary trends ? 3 international workers roads explore ireland ? 
2 years work experience reputable school bsc reputed school bsc canada 3 year advanced diploma ontario op placement 2 netting 12 months work exp ba program college op degree applied computer science year op option 2 year diploma turn 3 yr 2 yr decent university canada 1 2 ops total option 1 cost 24000 option 2 80000 
situation complicated living parents property apartments don 't car start taking loan day job stable fired 2 companies finished software engineering studies working companies company working fired cool paying good salary lot career opportunities working developer test engineer bit analytic fired lot mistakes found company working software developer days writing code reading documentation work days senior developer noticed basics cases read books work addition hard focus home learn things addition wasn 't studying influenced fired finish task takes lot time person company don 't skills junior developer motivation hard recover long search finally found paid job big company lot carrier opportunities develop programming language previous company addition learn specific programming language based business logic guys advice job long fired start independent life problems focus easy distract 
decide large reputed company smaller company work environment focus 'm junior internship ? 
interviewing 3 companies finally offer 's top choice company offer good finish interviewing companies 'm interviewing offers counter company choice big waste time parties involved round onsites phone screen counter ? finish things companies solid numbers ? call top choice sweeten deal sign ? 'm double salary signing bonus give payment car months rent apartment move accept offer extra 5k base nice 
recently moved dc friend offered position contractor bls leap faith job expected contractor sucks bad employer side customer 've sol 'm jobs majority contracting entry level point direction ? edit swe programmer developer expertise atm 
projects extra skills idk mathematics hobbies leveraged organization distinguished ? recommend rest school land remarkable impressive career ? edit woah guys expect blow contributed 
question apparently 'm hard time recognizing 's 's things put forward proof statement putting business priorities proper clear solution making manager happy complaining problems system spaghetti code obfuscated names lack documentation finishing tasks sprint ? task 's objectively earlier adhering estimates explain business estimates promise understand problem system quick result 'm things proposing approach don 't clear plan add tasks sprint work reluctant immediately 'm asked work weekend whining emotional easily frustrated sudden business unreasonable things asked loose cannon 're told inability persuade people argue lot business processes solutions system works don 't listen people put point doesnt don 't physically listen listen frequently wait finish wanted things good things document learned bad things good things 's problem find 'm wrong ? slow ? ? step improvement accepting shortcomings thing 'm problems edit started add bad features dont point listening people 's frequent people push wrong solve situations dont skilled 
title fits 'm wondering job description somethings 't figure means 'm struggling correlate experience 's sample person contributing development side working product managers understand requirements potentially impact databases modify accommodate build back end functionality understand requirements explanatory potentially impact databases draw blank modify accommodate build back end functionality create columns tables 
younger brother starting highschool interest computers 's pretty confident life question build goal ? 'm music major taking music lessons practicing daily younger route start taking build young age ? books classes ? lessons ? time 
cloudera coding challenge applied today hiring hard test ? 
hey guys 'm year student cs summer worked built website business consulting firm project resume actual job web developer ? 've put 'web developer 'm actual employment put ? 
apparently edutech company heard company ? reputable fun work ? cool 'm completely unsure company 
year sophomore fear falling classmates peers terms experience successful future cs courses learning java raw information figure apply knowledge real world setting scared future live memphis cs graduates work fedex variety opportunities people subreddit internships top companies yelp intel hp 't single response back applied amazon 's summer internship response honest based linkedin profile change ? progress forward ? aiming terms internships area ? https www linkedin kevin gonzalez 383 b76130 develop apps create websites build items code 
experience interviewing job internship ? 
ve recently made head php developer small profitable company great work small unconventional things software development owner company hands development process salesman technical background idea software developed limits line manager work recently released unfinished software rest company nightmare people point issues questions handle basis 20 people fighting attention pretty hard deal propose jira owner streamline things management implement issue management tracking agile owner stubborn investing time money technology software side company wanted community suggestions persuade owner interest implement jira ? edit open gitlab don 't jira thinking producing small presentation report detailed ? suggestions greatly appreciated things implemented changed technology side company successful method ll end future 
'm taught developer figure technologies projects experience java asp net 've considered learning full stack javascript figure language frameworks give chance hired vancouver ? 
's likelihood made make finish line event ? guide interview monday morning haven 't heard finish line 
planning taking computer science university wondering working system administrator developer software engineering data scientist related jobs share experiences 
've phone interview startup couple days interview computer science job prepare ? 
cs student op canada 'm trouble interviews american local tech companies familiar javascript entire web stack node angular react react native projects including contract work school develop educational applications strong java experience building native android applications work side project good understanding 's workings python strongest language coding challenges companies hackerrank due 's cleanliness simplicity current job restricted 12 hours week students university involves bioinformatics web development data migration agreed work part time break small saas startup prototype stage 're team 3 working incubator furthest 've established companies phone interview skills focus hump ? planning spend time understanding fundamental algorithms data structures admit aren 't strong suit ? considered adding functional programming language skillset learning lower level language simply lower level aspects java 'm planning attending hackathons learn peers grades generally good 3.5 4.0 range jobs asked transcript resume single page long display recent projects brevity issue ? guidance appreciated 
recently stumbled subreddit decide college career advice long make long story short 'm sophomore college started computer science major 'm terribly bad math honestly don 't enjoy bit love coding programming computer science classes 's found information technology major school offered stuff enjoy math question cs degree work people degree ? long run 'd web development type software development field interests cyber security recommend cs degree experience degree type stuff ? cs subreddit hearing guys serves articles google haha guys gals edit math classes calculus calculus discrete math linear algebra physics 1 2 edit 2 minor cs employers ? 
offers top companies sectors software higher education choice defense contracting company choice salary benefits virtually 401 choice engineers software university states 'm countries smaller company family feel work building company recognizable strongly choice choice large government defense contracting company money feels actual workplace super world software future consist working 1 5 years grow software engineer don 't company matters mid level senior level software engineering position project manager guess question software engineering company determine matters company 3 
'm reading clean code ctci 'm book 10 code hidden language computer hardware software essential books cs students grads software engineers developers ? 
'm biting nails figure minor computer science major 've completed associates degree programming java finished semester bachelor 's cs originally thought minor computer engineering make sense hand tend burned cs classes repetitive drilling dry concepts head 'm math minor 've enjoyed philosophy thought provide nice counter balance technical cs courses give mind time breathe guess question philosophy waste minor seeking cs career ? minor minors altogether important ? finally philosophy minor lot difficult cs major break ? 
time start making life decisions picking university eu 've good amount research haven 't won 't chance personally visit schools turn guys ? 
finishing bachelor 's year mention continue master 's degree year fix ? application companies intern 
'm recent graduate applied companies applied 's call company fast paced recruitment process signed contract start december 's job related cognitive computing company applied company contacted 3 weeks applying day asked technical exam interviews 30th november 's software applications development job developing tools embedded software engineers knew girl hr called asked 'm committed days told signed contract settled exam interview 30th november didn 't turn invitation accepted ? signed contract company wait company 's offer compare ? compare ? hr 6 months year ? 'm confused 's job 
spring 2016 econ grad good state school decent gpa don 't job interesting cs 'm learning python good fit wondering people ideas citizen uk msc conversion people cs degrees experience doesn 't similar courses uk schools imperial ucl bristol glasgow main goal employed uk uk job market cs grads isn 't robust market don 't obstacles visa issues arise 've mixed reviews boot camps employment thinking benefit formal education thoughts matter 
'm forward year plan things aim internship curious internships line class schedule ? kind hours expected work ? feels classes land squarely middle day don 't time fit internship time businesses closing day summer 'll taking class work don 't scheduling works curious general internships worked conjunction class schedule ? forgive covered faq couldn 't find 
hey 'm senior college graduation date set 2017 3.13 gpa due personal issues kind screwed life 'm taking make 'm successful starting today 'm majoring cs java ? familiar ruby rails 'm direction terms development learn mobile development ? practicing java ? posts people 2.0 's figures salaries hope figured spring internships internship experience jobs graduate 's things experience starting ? semester 'm cold cold world reading faq googling people 's personal stories atm recommendations great reading happy provide clarification information edit wow notice typo title 
'm 3rd year student ucla cs major 's late switch 've decided 's field 've 3 classes cs series teaching programming basics oop recursion data structures algorithms machine organization stuff assembly bit ops data representation stack discipline classes fun easy cs classes manageable interesting found engaging difficult 've told people working cs jobs family friends students 've learned kind work 'd crazy specialized low level cs major upper div classes 'm 'm wondering continuing good idea expect wouldn 't helpful work 'll career level expense gpa performance classes job opinion taking classes give significant edge resume application hiring process ? focus gpa giving strong interviews experience independent projects internships ? things ideal job don 't upper div courses belt ? responses advance input 
interested [autonomic systems https en wikipedia org wiki autonomic computing years 've interested robotics smart cities driverless cars datacenter repair automation 've finally term describes interest 've shared areas 'm advice pursue career areas skills develop ? courses areas study focus ? job descriptions companies ? reference background bachelors cs bachelors ee masters networked systems work system administration operations 7,000 machine network 
work starts january 2017 feeling bit uneasy technical interviews largely posts people fired laid probation period scares development job mix java prepare coding challenges websites recommended implement idiomatic solutions java large projects github navigating large code bases read recommended books stackoverflow languages missing tips people ? anxious eager good job scared fired probation period real job 
cs undergrad preparing join workforce college 've interviewed multiple job types 'm weighing software engineering position capital associate role chicago office mid tier consulting firm offers great respects 'm struggling determine learning opportunities provide path product management technology figure illustrate listing primary pros cons mind capital pros company explicitly focusing tech division pushing aws recent technologies frameworks 2 year rotation program functional role tdp data engineering cybersecurity higher compensation suspect mclean hq richmond office recognizable brand cons initial team placement choosing 've heard managers capital tend hit miss competent involved managers remote don 't care trivial number contractors work 've heard company leaning recent aggressive hiring tdp quality people incoming classes vary general tdp experience consulting pros facetime managers principals chances develop 'soft skills working clients communicating findings market strategies revenue side improvements smaller professional services firm culture defined community tight knit collaborative placement management positions industry companies client work good chances top mba programs cons consulting generalist nature harder sell technically proficient point schooling work consists data analyses excel tableau repetitive working similar client types healthcare travel financial services compensation standard field lower software engineering 15k thoughts ? 
tips lie lines working leetcode hackerrank reading cracking code interview barely answer single question leetcode sort question hackerrank book regions dont asked bloomberg resume ive uni 3 months dont algorithms data structures pretty learned stack queue reading online resume consisted motivation taking cs edx called cs50 building android projects feel interested motivation part im wrong pass phone interview finals time stressed find learn interview recreational programming knowledge thoughts tips ideas helpful lift burden 
feel education social experience isu work intern isu ? 
share stories ? 
leaving current employer unrelated reasons past 10 days working colleagues transition projects people colleagues completely incompetent directly worked past heard good thing people complaining hear manager yelling guy manager raises voice guy refuses work employed promotion year made question future place working hand project unprofessional asked early early start give time review 3 hours agreed time expects stay extra hours refuse barges meeting 'm coworkers hasn 't looked shown asked single meaningful question question bring attention hr manager ignore move ? manager familiar guys incompetence part thinks good bring exit interview hr formal complaint idea complaints handled brought future problems guy helping coworkers slightly inappropriate petty ? idea handle situation 
spend lot free time reading tech blogs learning paradigms side projects keeping latest trends internship belt couple freelance jobs feel waste ignore posting simply 3 years experience university surely skill difference person 1 year standard experience person 1 year experience personal projects research free time 
'm wanting learn cs idea start language start don 't 'm interested backend frontend gaming complete newbie grips cs recommend ? 
wondering worked heard company defense contractor arizona dsp work insight appreciated 
guys title recently finished bachelors degree computer science age 19 worked studying home school finished 2.0 grade 1.0 bachelor thesis software development 'm germany btw 'm love hear advice definitly persue masters degree time 's glimpse real student life wait atleast year time travel gain work expierence 's worth full scholarship elite universitys mit qualification ? meantime year make money afford travelling good paying job 6 12 months expierence bachelor thesis ? hope paid internships ? stay home collaborate open source projects freelancing ? live parents year 't financally questions feel free advance edit grade scale 4.0 worst 1.0 
interview scheduled tomorrow talking guy working wifi apartment building scheduled meet colleague pizza place house wear suit interview 'm guessing fairly informal introduction process location overdressed ? 
hey feeling pretty stuck 've 5 years experience handful things tech related school mis job 've coded vba eye roll net web applications net experience short 've moved running directing projects 've good handle data modeling oops company growing filling random jobs handful reasons feels dead end place pay pretty solid 'd developer 't hit pay don 't experience make switch outright place minimum 5 years experience thoughts starting completely ? learning time 'm missing critical step work reviewed vetted working experienced people hold direction sort hybrid role don 't exist company feeling discouraged thing 
recruiter back technicals positive onsite 2 phone screens part call recruiter upcoming internship expect interview ? wanted recruiter conducting interview doesn 't premise offer behavioural cultural interview ? 
honestly developer 3 years companies worked software internal employees web applications restricted business clients small companies heard software public eye asks hard describe show thing motivates opportunity make websites software consumer facing people free time enjoyment joe schmoe sitting office site work awesome work clients phone open web browser show cool website built team built site satisfied find fulfillment work boring mundane work 1 3rd day damn enjoy 
've graciously offered internship op spring summer semester wonderful opportunity grow develop skills university order internship forgo semesters worth classes delay graduation 've internship 'll senior semester good idea ? 

'm attending year community college transferring larger school finish degree computer science programming related options database administration cybersecurity cloud computing prepare cs degree ? 
'm graduating semester schedule conflicts ? leaning bdp work data manipulation industry learn plan graduate school ms schools uni florida require os curriculum credit choose ? 

guys 'm dilemma offer due today accepted night emailed dream company recruiter monday didn 't hear back today thought weren 't interested anymore dream company recruiter emailed today asked extend offer 21st update latest similar scenario ? talk recruiter company accepted offer ? feel bad basically 's telling aren 't choice feedback appreciated guys 
've read multiple threads starting offers cities instance san francisco 130 's austin bachelor 's degree shed light ? 
's small college university thousand possibly community college 've scored interview big company position internship ? make fact smaller school department talk head education weak prep 's interest succeed figure 's 
? suppose depends size organization 
offers unicorn uber dropbox hft sigma citadel jane street offer summer internship internships back back 'm ahead graduation requirements afford term 've told early interview summer internships negotiate moving spring internship offer ? spring internships hired canadian students summer internships 
'm sophomore couldn 't internship summer companies hire spring semester ? edit places accepting applications appreciated 
nyc exclusive fintech algorithm trading firms hft prop shops hedge funds 's set tech companies offices nyc remote office hq ? 's remote office nyc facebook snap google microsoft amazon square spotify addepar palantir slack twitter apple dropbox yahoo grubhub seamless airbnb hq nyc squarespace iheartradio bloomberg yext mongodb etsy stack exchange goldman sachs zocdoc yodle donors choose schoology meetup codecademy blueapron betterment okcupid 'd people commenting 'll update list continually 
prefer product marketing digital strategy design roles information systems marketing dual degree business economics minor computer science 
cs degree worked 2.5 yrs professionally webdev software dev back cs bachelors end program eligible 'new grad positions ? 
've applying tech internships past weeks 'm 100 software development career resume planning personal project winter break recently developed interest business career route 'm cs major year apply business internships ? ? wait month ? 
'm questions asked couldn 't find understand 'm canadian student british columbia continue computers high school bothering don 't fulling understand differences computer science computer engineering software engineering jobs respective departments entail [i page fully https uwaterloo ca software engineering future undergraduate students frequently asked questions personally prefer software driven works hardware information greatly appreciated edit bit flub part page linked article [exact issue https engiegirlsatuwaterloo wordpress 2013 08 29 computer engineering software engineering computer science figured share similar problem people hand experience weigh 
suppose swe job fired laid deem unwarranted manager 's fault don 't complain continue working explain future interviews employers making incompetent badmouthing boss ? 
'm sophomore technical internship offer fortune 100 company financial corporation 'm sophomore experience 'm excited opportunity 'm interview google engineering practicum week 'm eager waiting middle size tech companies internship offer acceptance deadline coming days ?? turn risk accept offer goodbye google interview ? ps asked deadline extension didn 't talked google 's couldn 't make time 's matter choosing choose put position ? edit year won 't apply engineering practicum anymore highly swe interview google people school unethical accept offer interviewing ? 
[here post http orangecounty craigslist org sof 5856556050 html ? don 't means hey 're declared cs major literally 0 experience work hard current job stocking shelves ? intro completed data structures holy shit challenging fun 'm watching youtube videos node js made 10 bot respond input output object 'm understanding language logic fine honest realistically hell 'no experience ? 'it doesn 't hurt apply 
browsing subreddit 've noticed people december 's bad month apply recruiting slows holidays recent grad find job 'm unsure focus interview prep continue churning applications bad slow season ? 
problem 3 years experience software engineer 'm job hunting trouble decent big 4 companies rejecting online applications 90 rate people resume threads resume fine good conclusion result resume thrown hr filters lack stem degree solution ? path forward ? 'm leaning applying omscs fall 2017 decent shot relevant post [here https www reddit omscs comments 5dpukg swe nonstem degree ms bolster chances resume read companies learn great deal program engineer downside program difficult takes awhile 3 years comprehensive cs education career bs cs time effort commitment 1.5 2 years ? thoughts ? 
web development positions sigma pay fairly higher 'pure software companies apply web dev ? 
long wait calling office sending mail check status application internship ? 
plan computer science average university macewan wondering college effect chances decent job 
'm 33 years dude started playing computers 8 14 years started playing slackware dads computer age 18 job offer mail administrator declined age 23 stopped playing computers masters degree healthcare python php perl im reading book learning build assmble computers 'm pretty good linux main desktop computer running arch linux 'm familiar windows pen testing 'm thought degree job ? 
hey guys 'm dilemma live lived ottawa canada 've jobs strictly toronto canada ottawa experience discovered salary ottawa toronto identical cost living ottawa pros low cost living salary 60,000 's pay 800 month place love home 's cozy job offer 's 15 minute bike ride internship friends cons mundane city work bit boring tech stack city long time fresh bad winter weather toronto pros bigger exciting city good social life interesting work places opportunities experiences people winter weather funner summers cons salary 60,000 's higher cost living pay 1,500 apartment find apartment close work position ? perspective opinions 
's predicament site interview software position trading company month ago told notified weeks 've emailing week weeks status time 've responded 'll touch shortly irritating suspicious 'm paranoid line back case find claim competing offer software company push decision ? reference felt good site interview 
'm cs major atlanta area job experience skills boast offered unpaid internship startup told current job 'd work schedule part time foolish accept smart experience ? helpful information left 
boat ? abstract thinking math models code make apps 'm abstract thinker discrete math doomed field ? 
'm interested making passive streams income time 'm attending school thought serve decent kick start portfolio employers graduate 'm ground breaking started making projects making decent beer money nice create passive streams income apps 've developed ? ? 
8 months ago began programming addicted 4 months ago moved silicon valley hopes starting career programming intermediate python basics html css sql mysql postgressql javascript worked networking months moving good understanding networking protocols 'm comfortable linux 've worked aws personal projects recently wrote program python raspberry pi connects wirelessly relay connected thermostat wires mqtt iot protocol support vector machine algorithm data past usage stored database learn automatically manage temperature controlled android app 've web scraping selenium basics django 've professional resume made good linkedin projects github 've applied 75 jobs single interview meetup weeks ago cto company work talk moment mentioned didn 't work experience attitude 180 internships people boot camps good luck point literally pay work company enjoy house 'm wondering boot camp option 've told sr developers reviewed work issue finding job 's hard rationalize spending 20 25k potentially losing 3 5 months pay boot camp 's starting bite bullet boot camp money issue ? path ? udacity nano degree ? worried months end working fast food job advice appreciated [resume https drive google file 0b4lbwimipomnmtvsz213b05zd28 view ? usp sharing 
'm process interviewing summer 2017 wondering experience internship position interview process 
bit backstory taught ruby rails working simple site designed users rate games wondering kind projects work separate cs grads simple website integrate ios app ? 
college student community college student transfer university fall semester asus laptop 4gb ram pentium 2117 cpu works great programs run slow job looked universities requirements suggest 16gb ram cpu i5 6200 higher laptop work 4 years leaving country college buy 2 years college 2 years career interested data mining lot java python sql matlab ? heard good languages data mining pretty poor reason community college parents buy laptop specifications buy good laptop 1000 initial budget 500 didn 't spend put parent 's financial burden suggested needed increase budget good laptop buy black friday initial laptop acer aspire http www newegg product product aspx ? item n82e16834315713 good 4 years increase budget edit post allowed 
longtime lurker 've courses university confident fundamentals computer science basic algorithms data structures numerous mid sized webdev projects github opportunities tips experienced developers stand ? ton 
figure job title career computer science social media specialist responsible social media agenda sm takes 20 time bullets major job duties hire manage web developers make web site edits html css created social media department manage content schedule approval creation data collecting conference applications managing current research app development solely responsible ia wireframes function app database design 
specifically toronto montreal area hey canadians question stated title experience companies bit open hiring freshmen experienced field previous related work experience ? 
fellow redditors questions guys year student csu monterey bay internship opportunities love advice people internship summer appreciated note applied google microsoft facebook internships apply 
love job senior developer early stages lead developer manager put hot project role redirecting questions party dropping tedious work boss tending statistics project reports produced satisfy arbitrary requirements order upper management neutral 's boring stressful challenging stimulating read technical extremely motivated highly engaged excellent performer find pining work time idle day escape honestly free time work pursue interesting technical work haven 't success motivating 'm disenchanted interrupted priority mindless work time 've brought issues attention boss 's thoroughbred man response basically specifically power short communicating higher ? 't reasonable answer hate job options 've considered job move company 'm market work life balance 'm good shape respect long term financial goals leverage job offer raise 'd gladly switch jobs people report make amount job opposite mine satisfying work responsibility reddit love advice feedback similar situation feel tl dr promoted tech lead job turned tons menial responsibility technical remotely engaging work ? 
purchase thumbtack taskrabbit clone script recommendations ? 
internship austin tx summer money fact 'm school wouldn 't convient fly 'm va check potential rooms sublease positive experiences subleasing physically place stuff skype facetime taking pictures 
thread discussions interviews interviewing interview prep posts focusing solely interviews created thread removed abide rules don 't jerk thread posted monday thursday midnight pst previous interview discussion threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? interview +discussion +thread restrict sr sort 
huge pile money understanding hedge funds profound sum game rich richer computers hft involved thing blows proportion wall street types insatiable greed flexible morals requirements success software engineers general wired differently quants assignments context aware bigger picture ? care effects hft stock market economy ? edit reading realize harsh 'm concise explicit 
im sophomore college im taking general education credit classes major related classes majoring computer science basics programming ive made super basic programs java love2d truebasic website development html problem internship don 't wait junior senior year sooner nearby bit internship applications requirements frightening average amount knowledge multiple languages frameworks advice internship ? 
thread discussions interviews interviewing interview prep posts focusing solely interviews created thread removed abide rules don 't jerk thread posted monday thursday midnight pst previous interview discussion threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? interview +discussion +thread restrict sr sort 
conventional wisdom leave 's 3 're applying selective company 3.3 3.4 hurt ? 
options semester master 's program 'm resume sift web development job market 'm bloc student finishing web development apprenticeship 'll applying web dev jobs months mobile dev logical short term building java skills lot contracting companies pair web mobile dev part offered services don 't settle web development required parallel computing mobile dev limit taking interesting classes ai game 3d model design future 
're companies sooooo ml engineers ? 's crud applications cs ? interesting fields cs popular ? 
job developer large insurance company culture 'd expect work desk eat lunch desk work desk home code reviews pair programming minimal human interaction 'm job 's medium sized consultancy lot pair programming team lunches 's impossible concentrate noisy open office nerf darts whizzing 'm effing tired shot back head 'm work middle ground ? companies developers work collaboratively act professionally ? 
year 'll 15 week internship complete cs degree earliest start approximately mid april time starts date big company focus landing starting summer ? 
ibm question experience provide relocation assistance austin ? work ? lump sum booking services 
title states 'm mentor point direction essentially 'm working consultant learn code transition technical roles 'm taking cs50 planning enrolling cc classes starting january 've told learning web dev job quicker honestly 'm field idea pursuing types roles enjoy don 't fully 's advance 
payscale cal state university chico listed top 10 computer science based salary potential ? csuc sought school employers ? payscale unreliable ? lucrative technology market chico ? link https www payscale college salary report schools majors computer science 
internship summer irving tx 10 min dallas full time offer internship live area good place devs ? 
contact company internship listed job positions ? 
made profile guthub idea 
cut chase 3.3 gpa eng possibly conference publication year abroad daad scholarship summer cmu place regional icpc wanted opinion based achievements spot masters phd program big universities cmu mit stanford harvard achievable goal alternative route work 1 2 years apply masters ? added edit blunt answers appreciated 
freshman cs major start ups interested hiring ? checked lot websites haven 't heard back applied family lives austin tx don 't ut don 't find internship beneficial spend week austin start ups hiring ? church family attends lots software engineers work companies apple google microsoft austin area talk hiring essentially questions software engineer start ups area ? late mid searching internship start ? reason issue don 't internship mini mester local community college dates spring semester finished job working summer start mini mester work side projects mini mester unable internship 
thoughts makes scrum master stand 'good scrum masters picking role entails job 'd work great additionally book recommendations topics contribute subject 
've coming people 've built path successful career college started blockchain space taking indefinite leave absence university interview hard 'll live comfortably bay area work niche industry 'm immensely passionate competitive compensation compared college grads question 's story ? key bits include location starting salary amount school leaving university bonus difficulty progressing mid level senior roles ? management ? nbsp edit 'm waiting thinks 're clever ride moral high horse unicorn claim 're hear people success stories left field homeless 'd failed rough patch contribute stories meaningful 
travel state week pros cons ? explore cities traveled ? employer live duration project ? 
master 's cs astrophysics related stuff wondering contribute astrophysics space stuff changing major kind companies job ? steps ambition ? 
suppose set amount spend year deals job computer science developer 'm curious lets 150 ? 
folks 've fired 2 3 past jobs 've worked graduating college times performance reasons 've lessons 've mixed success problems 've found solutions things struggle things 't understand talking maps actions joined current job 5 months ago things people don 't worry feel 've terribly lazy unfocused produced learned kinda suspect secretly thinks 'm obnoxious polite 'm pretty suspicion unfounded manager hasn 't brought 've deficient worry bring worries 1 1 sessions thinks stand performance reality don 't annual performance review time part asks evaluate performance 've started don 't method figure perceptions suspicions correct xunit framework judging oneself 'm wondering psychotherapy professionals specialize working programmers helpful talking process google find videochat ? apologies odd question 
germany study computer science year university year march students internship company months write thesis bachelor 's degree company don 't things specific order mathematics statistics image processing computer vision opencv opengl webgl maschine learning artificial neural network visualization data maps geography languages python give tipps quickly company things listed hints company call field 
recently offered position consulting company space sector essentially working projects nasa consultant company work involves realm spacecraft operations good start wanted make career space sector hurt compared working nasa ? move company google future wanted ? 
'm junior ee software internship positions apple amazon twitch teams equally interesting company choose intern ? advice 
rejected junior year university graduated past 7 entry level rejections june site interviews thought interview guess interviewed embedded systems positions related jobs 'm starting run options branching degree interviewing land ? morale lower applying web dev positions ? experience web dev technologies 
recruiter position convert vp title salary vp title standard title regular developer ? 
tremendous information job offer seattle based company made windows happy 't escape sinking feeling working bay area sv grad limit opportunities career growth guys ? wanted eventually work big companies search engine giant social media giant fear micr0soft limit chances future work places applying grad school experience applying experienced person worked lot people told micr0soft inferior big companies g00gle fb guess 'm afraid 
applied companies october reply substantially resume shot good ? 
recently codility test big tech company internship advice prepare expect 85 min test 
colleagues locking logging work computers shutting 'm suit conflicted good work habit pick past 2 days computers powered thanksgiving essentially staying powered 2 days sort microsoft wanted limit active hours 12 hours users shut computer properly inactive make good habit digress bad habit shutting work computers ? 
senior physics major university southeastern applications physics graduate school wearing physics 'm career 3 4 programming classes college found enjoyable favorite classes college fortunately cs major experience object oriented programming couple programming languages 'm honors thesis machine learning algorithms geared physics issue choose pursue cs career start worth graduate school ? programming experience intermediate language don 't measure don 't schools job straight ? ? advice appreciated 
interview summer 2017 software engineering internship advice interview people 60 minute technical interview monday 're coderpad apparently 
travel start working graduate long people vacations ? solo friends place abroad thinking thailand care share thoughts previous experiences recommendations ? 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
respect internship recruiters interpret opinion situation general gpa 3.1 combining cs gpa 3.5 psychology gpa 2.7 enjoy psychology scared screwed gpa wise applying cs internships advertise cs gpa 3.1 hinder ? advice greatly appropriated 
's week 's dark hr hosed ? thought interview 're interviewing candidates ? 
'm loop terms tech companies coming falling paypal slowly falling respectable tech company ? understand 's large company 's respected terms obtain future job big ? 'm advice internship paypal obsolete couple years internship startup coming hubspot ? 
point start applying normal full time entry level stuff ? 
variables play varies company company lot work companies 're attracting talent offering great stock numbers play 're uncharted territories reasons 1 privately held companies valued 2 isn 't strong secondary market shares companies restrict secondary sales nowadays investors written dropbox 50 suppose question working decacorn valued 15bn carry risk working public company valued 15bn ? reasonable model outcomes companies ? thinking true valuation distributed call current valuation predict outcomes 25 chance shares losing half 's choosing company gauge types risks market turns decacorns miss windows public potentially struggle assumptions make ? curious communities thoughts 
guru interview tomorrow wondering long takes hear back results 
cscareerquestions offers coursera rubrik compare learning opportunities financial trajectories ? join grad based ? cheers 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
'm job university pretty decided promote 9 months 6 months told 'm promoted payrise effect 's change boss manager manager back offer told outgoing boss fair manager salary long payrise started applying started applying started applying put current salary salary expecting fully confident effect hasn 't effect offer lower expecting turned graduate salary 's point 'm final stage interviews places clean current salary good news state couple months ago true understanding happened 'm believable thing mitigate damage advice appreciated 
graduation plans changed graduating 2017 'll pushed back december 2017 'm stuck internship late game 3 prior internships granted big companies couple decent side projects don 't target school 
thread discussions interviews interviewing interview prep posts focusing solely interviews created thread removed abide rules don 't jerk thread posted monday thursday midnight pst previous interview discussion threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? interview +discussion +thread restrict sr sort 
great advice 3 online cs courses including cs50 read books code programming dummies peaked interest 10 months educate extreme financial pressure 10 months residency continue work bachelors cs 'm 0001 competent developer find advice conflict instance suggested meet developers 'd continue working learn book called learn 24 hours yeah learn 'hello world 24 hours fantasy world primary language worked python html meetups area javascript html css python benefit meetups learn underlying principles start education ? conversely meetups focus languages simply muddy waters suggested focus primary language start ? basically wondering situation 'd reap benefits interacting developing friendships programmers pedagogical networking reasons don 't deviate jest call plan thoughts ? 
working 2 half years large company software developer longer enjoy programming find job frustrating stressful worked personal projects past recently started don 't fun working projects feels work 't wait finish task 'm working college couldn 't role 'd enjoy developer 'm thinking 'd enjoy role 'd suited project manager scrum master idea taking leadership role making team executing appeals work doesn 't sound exciting sounds stressful company rotational program 'm part end rotation asked switch project manager role put team developer told 'd project management experience 6 months team project management experience asked don 't terms pm opportunities rotation opportunity switch teams plan switch project manager role problem 'd switch company sooner question bother continue spending time working personal projects github portfolio don 't enjoy case don 't end sufficient project management experience current company ? switching roles companies ? experience switching developer role ? career advice 
share strategies internship salary negotiation phone email financial aid evidence ? 
27 years bachelors fine arts education feel fulfilled woth current job change cs 2 years feel 't make decision hear people field concise 1 enjoy programming teaching rudimental level love logic 2 work 70 hours week make 55k 'd work closer 50 hours make 3 work field challenges mentally creatively current job apprehensive 1 beginning craft late game daunting feel 'd 8 10 years people age 2 time 've math high aptitude math feel rusty 3 reading salaries job availability enjoyability field initially thought conclusion feel previous degree years real world give advantage back school college works important internships school marketable graduation naive ? idealizing field ? heck ? wisdom insight enormously appreciated time 
company 's project outsourced india codebase horrendous 've telling boss time refactor rewrite specific case time refactoring period endless feature request bug fixes technical debt reduced companies ? refactor spare time finishing assigned task fast companies refactor weeks months continuously ? 
made spreadsheet grad internship offers year https docs google spreadsheets 1unlz40our1ids o0sz26upncf6cqjwosrzqy4vldflu edit ? usp sharing requests making year form https goo gl forms kya0sowiij6lqays1 edit [data results https www reddit cscareerquestions comments 5g3nmc grad internship offer survey results 
'm rusty interviewing time prep grind leetcode epi don 't time ? 
applied summer analyst internship hackerrank candidate portal status updated congratulations selected round interview contact 2 days interview taking place hireview hackerrank 4 days email sort response status updated interview complete interviewing goldman sachs interviewed happened ? don 't screwed automated system 'm interviewing 
'm woman red 'good ol boy state senior developer 10 years experience current general manager great personal relationship women make emotional logical decisions find insulting logic kind job 's accused husband choose picks football pool weirdest conversations 've work projects issues senior developers experience team yesterday 'm business plan submitted corporate heir apparent lead developer job lead developer put notice vacation returned gm monthly staff meeting speaking development team week passed word lead 's day looming asked speak inquired reason considered job claimed interested job put spot interview 's weeks lead left position hint 's thinking director technology gm wasn 't hiring guy comparable experience fill open dev spot 'with experience contrary stated promote plans hire clear lead company year 5 years experience total job guy feeling 'd intended give job week don 't 'm considered 'd spoken hadn 't forced issue 'm bit loss instinct update resume job hard experienced devs demand 'd start 'm tired qualified benchwarmer team husband suggested housecat back school mba guess 'm don 't deal inclined clue asked directly don 't 'm supposed differently move 's sexist 's expected reason 'has boobs 'm put forward reason promote 't 'm nicely makes sense thoughts 'm supposed ? wasn 't considered 'm fairly blew smoke ass feel directors branded faced manipulative confronting make harpy 
hey 'm software developer 's game years 'm relaunch personal website light blogging technical subjects game design theory personal section world building ideas drafts things acceptable site resum portfolio ? site people professional personal side guys 
completed gs 's hackerrank 5 6 test cases questions straight rejection chance ? 
tldr virtually software development companies country actual tech sector ny sf london france toronto persons path ? country technology synonymous helpdesk call centers outsourcing recently started working outsourcing agencies web developer graduated months ago careers die concept senior engineer web development tasks codebases long takes v1 written badly 's end case means learn career progression university friends discuss personal projects apis github projects aren 't unemployed support exceptions 'm disparaging peer group wanted software development devops system administration hit firmly reality lack options reference 've 100 resumes companies locations 've mentioned responses rejections resume applied post history 'm applying grad school similar background advice share ? reading 
don 't accept company 's internship offer hurt applying future positions ? view favorably ? 
starting job year booked vacation current job week christmas year 's start job 3rd day back holidays day current job give amount notice ? include vacation part 2 week 's notice give 3 weeks due vacation ? matters 'm ontario canada advice 
'm sophomore target school 's goldmans super day experience specific prepare ? hacker rank challenge wasn 't bad expect technical questions level ? questions related entire process happy answer ability reddit helps put lots gotta stay discreet tho 
invited onsite skyscanner 's offices interview candidates offer ? 
'm hoping provide perspective work situation 'm taught jr developer recently hired insurance company expressed programming background job officially paid code develop expecting jr developer working team developers jump start career gain real world work experience add resume job quickly obvious official team existed jr developers guy good excel team lead mind team structure senior experienced lead developer cohesion place big project boss adamant worked lack system long fear stepping boundaries eventually detrimental continue work unorganized committed idea 'm officially programmer work provide company begin introducing team agile methodologies scrum mentors programmers 've met journey teaching learning researching lot results team agreed system system begin greatly increased productivity workflow started team provide company met consistent resistance boss hands distant approach initially huge concern worked lack proper product owner produced tangible successful results issue team working inherently rest people company actual insurance work boss begun express fulfill basic insurance related task addition developers rubbed completely wrong worlds perspective completely undermine unique skill set fellow developer caused stress start sprints interrupted remedial task boss drop lap refuses legitimize department rest company begun resent question special treatment paper job titles 've essentially built functioning team existed find boss team time team wrong line ? 'm project underway boss completed don 't feel facilitating sort environment project understand insurance company foremost presents conflict people programming skill sets exclusively developers feel valued time job skills 've building 'm move draw line ? compromise made ? show boss treating counter productive ? counter productive brat develop code clear insurance policies introduced scrum lost team member quit pursue opportunities 'm tempted follow suit don 't portfolio enticing company programmers hire add resume 've managed successfully introduce scrum build team fact 've company 3 months doesn 't potential employers confident hiring 'm career wise feel time act find solution situation running short similar position ? outcome suggestions ? suggestions items absolutely make resume increase attractiveness future employers ? update great advice reassure wasn 't idealistic things 'm confident teammates talents devalued 'm ride things compromising flexible put resume continue build portfolio advice put stress ease 
'm bachelors software engineering minor business administration 3 semesters left graduate don 't feel learned learn enter work force masters cs se program school bit chaotic place learn subject moving uni masters 
background question bear cs degree working industry 5 years recently moved bigger city hopes finding job troubles figuring call degree cs basically maintenance programmer enhancement programmer 70 clients 10 paperwork 20 coding interviews noticed wasn 't don 't code anymore enjoy relationship building current role weird job similar crazy interviews standard devs nightmare question job title types positions ? college didn 't teach options cs major career expecting put development find don 't care details programming read code fix peoples mistakes enjoy problem solving customer relations design methodologies advice eating 
soo 'm graduating upcoming fall 2017 feel unprepared workforce technical interviews school curriculum taking hefty cs courses data structures oop year school past recollection shit semesters high level conceptual stuff applying past knowledge lost 'm pretty blank slate guys suggest begin prepare future dev positions ? plan start theodinproject web development skills belt transition java relearn basics plan start industry oop lang java python learn fundamentals branch 'm floating large sea cs 'm handholding phase career 'm unsure approach rebuilding foundation guys suggest ? guides follow ? dive project ? mentor ? commit time ? 'm lost seeking 
part job 've 've set yearly objectives typically lines accomplish year part role company ? idea generic potentially apply role seniority specific meet goal joined company year mine lines learn tech stack deployment generic learn technology docker set goals year ? sort objectives set ? 

invited company applied intern summer hackerrank test form email coding test called scheduling test wrote invitation email ps hackerrank site reference coding coding required role test focused scheduling test consist ? prepare guys 
'm undergraduate cs planning software development field university 've wanted live zealand curious market developers ? 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
interned vanguard college corporate application development role talk experience ? vanguard resume booster recruit tech companies future years ? software development fast paced bureaucratic ? 
data science work markings remotely practice rarely collaboration required business stakeholders data jobs outlook remote workers ? 
articles advice issue person person explain situation year cs student small state university 10k students gpa 3.6 searching internship summer decision grad school differ fact entire undergrad free due scholarships question undergrad free continue grad school ? jobs salary ? worth lost time ? 
'm physical therapy recovering neck injury living home parents time years college programming experience years study github 've put mildly complex projects 've worked https github ecssiah make move working full time programmer lot free time money moment 'm suggestions head current plan pursue rails web development track app academy offers coding test passed easily 'm material finish coding test appears skill range 've problems practice questions test roughly path goal work experience employable situation ? web mobile app development path resistence foot door don 't actual work experience field practical applications 'm start working presentable portfolio time start work 
guys superday interview tomorrow expect ? behaviorial technical ? long networking event ? don 't full suit odd ? 
applied mid late october 
've web development mobile app development past couple years 'm wondering programming fields educated college problem programming fields ? 
'm high school school project interview career software developers interviewed pm title edit 
'm learning basics learning functions books coursera lectures 'm enjoying liking language lot hand start projects improve application college admission year order show interest cs major 'll aiming top schools ivies mit stanford caltech projects impactful heard takes lot time learn start making project compared languages wanted start learning language learning oop basics write good project continue learning ? language pick quickly build good projects short time ? couple months finish november admission 'm learning slow pace 'm jaggling sat practice medical studies taking 90 time 'm lucky 3 hours learning week 2 switched language continue learning time language project long term interests 'm enjoying specialise future job doubt convenient doubt possibly learn language mind 'm talking mastering 'm aware takes decades finish good quality project span year work med school study sat ideas ? add application show interest cs make cs related extracurriculars stand admission ? 
title apply internship late janurary early feburary ? bc scenario due personal issues 've academics junior college gpa horrible 2 data structures java learning html css javascript side 've learning bc 'm gap semester creating website portfolio creative learn show employers bc gpa extracurriculars don 't show hoping portfolio side project beginning year internship summer lot people applying time 's literally 2 gpa experience side projects show 'm smart hard working past 2 years fluke bad time life info clear conscious ? make real picture 
'm weighing options spend summer 1 internship 2 add spit polish side project 've working 2 years launch 'm leaning side project 's 've personally freelancer 2 years 'd fun launch product wild 'm aware 's high chance failure doesn 't bother crashes burns 'll fun learn ton 'll cost minimal issue 'd land graduate job product company london university side project doesn 't pan 'm aware competition positions high internship excellent foot door quetion harder find grad job don 't internship spend summer working launching side project ? fails 'd demonstrate technical technical lessons learned 'm hoping won 't harder extra details context 3rd year 4 year cs uk study abroad placement year semester 'm studying spain semester 'm australia 1st class degree ? equivalent 4.0 gpa fall bit year exploring foreign country studying 
option applying university honours computer science computer science data science option playing masters financial engineering 'm wondering data science option 
started opportunities summer internship 2017 've found tons usa websites european recommend good website browse summer internships eu ? 
created throwaway noticed coworkers browse reddit questions bit embarrassing 'm fairly recent grad real developer job 2 weeks im working remote react developer react devs hired remote time 1 days ? today didn 't work mind foggy today acceptable ? stuck fixing bug hours didn 't work 2 work complete day ? 've tracking work commits inconsistent 've good day ? 3 breaks ? 't close 6 hours day writing code people write code 8 hours day ? 4 'm performing ? full force imposter syndrome questions lost hours feel dont belong 5 acceptable minutes task hangout ? people browse reddit watch youtube work ? open reddit randomly work start browsing minutes ? takes time read extra time answer questions 'd 
'm front end developer 4 years experience career 've working angularjs 'm invested community 've offers 'm hard time deciding offer 1 company saas marketers tracking campaigns sending bulk mails huge user base 've growing steadily decent investment angular tech 'm familiar 're small company 20 30 people 'd ui developer team backend people offer 2 company 's search engine cheap hotels plane tickets car rentals millions users day obscure framework isn 't lot buzz dedicated front end team ui developers designers offer 3 joining friend 's start funding 'd complete control technologies things salary offers offer 2 slightly benefits 's massive due circumstances select offers time advice making choice offers ? 'm torn 2 company 'd working framework isn 't lot companies 'd imagine hurt opportunities future 1 angular company pretty small product isn 't exciting 
web development stuff backend 
lot interested front end side things pursuing knowledge html css javascript school teach question finish part class data structures algorithms knowledge don 't work games embedded systems ? easier compiler language java apps ? matter knowledge compiler language goals ? 
experience interning working hudson river trading ? culture pay work life enjoyed working high frequency trading company ? 
hey final round interviews yesterday 'big deal tech companies google ms apple software engineering summer internship pretty good 3 behavioral technical solve problem pretty bad super technical experiences kind performance ? outcome ? 
'm graduating cs master 's program top school spring '17 4.0 gpa 7 years experience web development previous title senior engineer called scrummaster senior software developer didn 't official title small company large contract partners clients multiple titles 've offers 2 3 university graduate positions applied earlier fall heard back sde 2 jobs applied earlier fall applied round university grad positions past week 'm wondering 'm aiming low university grad sde 1 positions 2 offers seattle based tech company remain nameless passing 2 online tests interviews didn 't person interview abnormal company makes 's question offer university grad sde 1 career trajectory changed web cms php software java step ? 'm tempted seattle offer 'm wondering shouldn 't hold spring company doesn 't terrible reputation guy jumped 12 story hq office sde 2 positions applied don 't respond 'm june july 2017 'm qualified ? wrong answer opinions personal experience stories 'm struggling decide 
junior cs major student cal poly pomona transferred fall semester find internship summer 2017 applied 20 companies big small replied graduated community college opportunities related projects internship 3 data structures classes back big project resume web app built hackathon long wait companies reply back ? companies accept application summer internship february january ? 
wondering interview held ??? submitted application couple days ago 
wondering advice phone interviews ? string manipulation questions behavioral ? edit intern position 
interview process ? interview technical whiteboarding generic 's general role ? internship 'd love hear thoughts 
15 years php dev exploring options 
thread discussion culture rules subreddit regular users mods praise complain heart 's content complaints productive ish diatribes apparent point solution suited weekly rant thread make 'meta posts existing threads 's relevant topic dedicated threads feel strongly pming mods space focusing issues discussed open thread posted friday month previous monthly meta threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? monthly +meta thread restrict sr sort 

recently accepted offer company san francisco 110 base 10k relo 120 rsus 110 base live comfortably sf ? accepted offer thought couple months 'm concerned 
students 've applying internships crazy summer 've fair share 've decided move candidates today rejection email resume application impressive position position feel suited unavailable encourage check website openings apply future normal rejection stuff reading ? company 's hr recruiters talked prior 
reddit taking nys computer operator exam week 't find good resource prepping exam recently give rundown expect ? reddit hope 
graduating june year started applying companies interviewed 7 companies couldn 't convert single interview offer list companies interviewed 1 pure storage rejected hackerrank test storage based company disappointed rejection 2 signac rejected hackerrank test 3 cerner corporation rejected phone interview basic oops questions answered confidently rejected 4 startup final round reject completing small project rejected due poor documentation project 5 bloomberg onsite reject 6 intentional software phone screen reject 7 eatstreet hackerrank reject don 't 's wrong 'm bad algorithms data structures oops concepts problem small mistakes interviews interviewing perfect small mistakes coming hard hackerrank tests solve 3 5 50 problems rejected interned amazon summer couldn 't convert full time feel dejected feel won 't land job strong 3 year work experience top 10 company advice improve job 'm taking part hackerrank contests questions leetcode ctci programming interviews exposed glassdoor careercup 6 months time reinterview companies morale low feel casted spell black magic evil eye 's foolish close job reject disheartening 'm squandering easy opportunities ps 'm understand mistakes interviews improve 
programming life 've fascinated lower level details software decided pursue career working kernel device driver programming result 've spent past 4.5 years large corporations networking industry consistently passed management time interesting project arrives patiently debug kernel panics peoples code emphasis debug networking vendors lot surprising kernel bugs reported customers bugs rarely fixed 're reproducible 've attempted find low level programming jobs networking industry 'm consistently stymied lack accomplishments 've debug things humorous incident mind interviewer didn 't listed ata driver debugging resume point 'm ready ditch kernel programming broaden horizons job posting 've looked long list prerequisite skills skills honestly claim experience unix postings 'm qualified competing networking vendors exact thing 've jobs internal job postings current employer don 't pan 've opportunity work networking protocols proprietary technologies bastardized version bsd github profile list resume pet projects 've developed spare time things 've minor curiosities aren 't applicable real career hobby projects weird things software rendered 3d graphics computer game modding tl dr 'm 20s computers 1980 've written 1000 lines code professionally entire career rapidly approach breaking point convincing prospective employers learn modern technologies 're job ? 
's situation interned company offer company yesterday deadline 1 week talked recruiter company today phone screen week site interview prefer work company told recruiter company offer make make process quick obious reasons 1 week impossible read [faq https www reddit cscareerquestions wiki faq renege recruiter company give time decision start job graduating spring summer 2017 don 't offer company exploding offer week considered exploding ? mail recruiter company mention time 'm interviewing companies ? omit reason ? reason interested locations company recruiter made clear offer location team interned interview locations 
liberal arts major decided switch computer science start cs program 've bunch undergraduate cs math courses past year allowed program don 't feel knowledge level majored computer science pick topic learn brush 2 months classes start ? 
recently secured real job graduation yay good downside embedded development necessarily long term interest machine learning computer vision honestly orient industry fixed 'm comp sci person physicist job dev current experience level requires lot convincing work easy change embedded field ml ? restart junior position ? ? 
current situation working small company data entry degree good board graduate programs 've applied developer jobs luck idea throw cv time working projects side reinforce applications keen interest information security unsure follow career path degree general computer science dissertation related security advice greatly appreciated unsure proceed 
'm qa web intern small organization 've opportunity advance project manager intern career path web developer capabilities developer demonstrate portfolio professional experience main hindrance job field taking project manager role ? good resume chances development job future 
've worked small startups 'm wondering favorite places work tech nyc companies startups offer benefits package terms work culture flexible hours 401 plan salary work satisfaction ? 
beloved members wanted part time sd job tips student toronto 
'm gain full stack knowledge summer internship hoping winter spring internship shouldn 't problem conflict start date summer ? 
'm interested career path hobbies guys enjoy work ? lot interests steady job depend median high income hobbies screen writing film editing learn play write music career ? combine programming hobbies make career ? 
bit background graduated bachelors cs applied 4 months job pretty depressing sitting home applying states including ma ny ct wa ca nc dice applied reluctantly home ky time desperate landed interview week job day interviewed pay pretty bad honestly feel insanely undervalued commute 2 hours day great pay honestly learning lot employing 's small company programmer isn 't learn terms 'm projects busy teaching stuff learn experienced people work nice boss cool guy doesn 't care long job pros cons pros nice boss pretty chill live home rent free parents moving year won 't luxury cons plain bad pay learn teaching don 't opportunity move great commute wouldn 't mind cons hate living focusing ny recently school ct frequented ny lot lot family love job preferably sort full stack front end web developer internship current job experience type applications wouldn 't opposed job prefer web stuff feel 'm hitting 3 month mark current job honestly long stay start applying state ? don 't contract contract meaning leave time thinking start applying 6 8 months ? application 've started week reflect job understand start prefer thankful friends nearing 6 7 ? month mark career pay live happiest attached resume critique 're feeling generous http imgur oq28k website won 't list reason pm 
hold merit internships ? 
'm guessing potential candidates google microsoft facebook early pre ipo days 
guys recently offer capital 's technology development program 'm deciding location moment options rolling meadows il suburb chicago mclean va richmond va plano tx suburb dallas interviewed plano office pretty awesome office space wanted 'all offices rolling meadows mclean offices 
offer american express graduate 2017 'm kinda wondering offers rescinded commonly ? 's weeks initial questions offer signing haven 't contact amex 
opinions enterprise software industry ? specifically software written businesses people start industry hard change field ? switching snapchat facebook learning experiences enterprise software company standard company ? 
edit title cs masters degree software engineering master guys 'm asia 'm junior undergrad goal work google google zurich 'll admit 'm obsessed office law switzerland studies switzerland equal eu citizen job market secondary studying eth zurich increase chances gettting work visa google zurich higher compare stanford rank eth zurich berkeley harvard cmu yale princeton waterloo including mit doesn 't offer terminal masters degree [this website places 8th 'd love hand account http www topuniversities university rankings university subject rankings 2016 computer science information systems place category ? greatly appreciated 
devote time emphasis application ? 's internship small company mid sized hackathon 'm items organized 
high school senior attend university pittsburgh year major computer science ap credits bringing pitt graduate computer science honors years summer session prior years upcoming summer summer 2 cs courses beneficial ? 'm open idea attending pitt master 's program setup qualify bs +ms program finish 3 4 years straight job market master 's ? 'm 
junior college university oregon degree computer science spring 2018 paying state tuition pretty good scholarships pay 700 term idea today taking student loans subsidized buy things afford current budget laptop clothes essentially advance future salary figure paying degree lucrative field makes sense silly ? 'm missing ? 
front end considered easier ? things angularjs node considered front end ? 
'm senior college studying ce graduating fall 2017 applying internships suck coding order prepared interviews 'm planning studying excessively winter break plan time wisely develop android application experience relearn data structures learn algorithms free coding boot camp ? job 
'll moving admittedly pretty bad public university finish online 'm dsu tuition reasonable 3 4 1 2 uis courses uis 'm uis 's vaguely related uiuc notoriety matter ? 
situation current job programmer government agency job length job 1.5 years salary started 30k 35k 40k january 5k raises january cap slightly 60k location midwest positives job pros pretty team small family job 8 5 monday friday allowed work hours health insurance awesome affordable wife pregnant due beginning '17 great vacation sick time holidays good pension plan requires employee contribution takes ten years vested external pressure applied management put lots pressure cons working dead end platform lotus notes tiny team duties blurred end things desire amplified employee turnover rant increasingly unhappy current job started year half ago hired 8 months finished school cis degree offers time job software testing internship private company paid job benefits time afraid stuck testing internship benefits funny feel job trap job thought chance quickly make difference ownership projects thought pressured private company group 6.5 fte director 3 infrastructure department 2 development department 0.5 desk director leaving january position absorbed lead infrastructure guy developer 2 fte infrastructure development process application interview hiring support 500 users specialized work complicated workflows mastered department works line promotions year clockwork pay schedule grid thing desk guy programmer networking guy increase pay started overwhelmed combination lotus notes infrastructure setup field work users continue received training developer drew stuff cardboard box server setup breakdown lotus notes replication left days director pointed company policy documentation rat 's nest documentation department compiled past 20 years asked developer books read strongly advised read prodding gave books received hired full notes post received books week long seat training received told study home exempt advice thrown tiny projects trouble breaking tons questions asked small percentage questions met hostility developer super busy shortly working told current desk employee transitioning 5 desk 5 digital forensics tasked filling portion vacated desk hours pitched learning experience hated applied told provide tier support answering phones weeks asked developer partner time answer rude hostile tone 's proprietary documentation database rtfm mentality sort pet peeve mine understand annoyed isn 't utilizing documentation documentation terrible 't explain terribleness poorly categorized poorly maintained fit desk forensics guy left greener pastures watched hired replacement terrible verge termination left greener pastures 6 months hired replacement creates work accomplishes retire director doesn 't care director infrastructure development future bosses spend full days week reviewing applicants interviewing meeting planning meetings infrastructure guys forever day day niches carved people don 't mess half time desk guy floundering director decided give staged development supposed gradually complicated tasks pass tasked database related desk tasks lots preferred point contact groups users directly fix errors workflow issues add senior employees built tons leave time lot moved vacated office desk employee office hallway lot users physically buried burnt tier desk hours week people directly things correcting errors digital workflow documents lots complicated file transfers important time sensitive files frequent updates terrible static web page requested people don 't provide information [they don 't part 'developer part job review logs error reports grown due issues windows servers failing move folders requires connecting cutting pasting disconnecting 10 servers morning sort gantt chart programming projects pushed back partner future boss asks project current project porting application wrote databases answer weeks haven 't touched met chuckle talks find time shut stuff infuriating feel 1.5 units tasks incoming day accomplish 1 unit include programming sort feel disproportionately shit acknowledging addition programming part job feel progressing sporadic scattered feel building knowledge feel receiving guidance instruction training forgetting things 've learned remembering projects don 't 'get lot things relating lotus notes feel 's late expected understand concepts yell smash things plan leave spring feel trapped wife pregnant due start year plan baby awesome insurance hit year mark scared baby job worried good doomed fail current employer happy performance reading needed outlet advice wishlist reasonable ? wishlist salary platforms work web development comparable benefits package work home days week tl dr job making crazy hate fulfillment money sanity wise ? huge baby ? freeform advice ? read advance input 
subreddit extremely helpful internships full time opportunities grateful people helps provide advice cs careers 'm wrapping final semester opportunity work great company company grow engineer waiting months final rounds company company 's date interview miss final exam company asked expected salary idea answer company offers job accept specific team 'm accept offer company asap 2 questions 1 make company doesn 't hate wanting interview company ? spoke recruiter didn 't sound enthusiastic 2 discussing salaries company ? don 't shorter end stick advance reading advice edit software engineering 
've read interview guide searching information couldn 't find 'd nice share personal experience tips 
've working acocunting months degree acocunting horrible freaking boring lost cloud fall asleep reconciling stuff data entry senior guy sitting years experience gonna played videogame computer thinking changing career find interesting workday faster interested wondering start learning code today 5h 15h hours week long employable ? 2nd degree cs certificate cs find job 
'm ap calculus 'm wondering par 'd expect typical swe job ? 
month ago joined startup backend developer started working python django specifically small mistake bad import literally caused services failure couple hours bug fixed python year 't reason mistake code today couple meetings discuss lost confidence suggestions people situation 
angry frustrated job didn 't bit treated preferential treatment coworkers vented lot front coworkers people agree company small hr department actions back haunt ? coworker told te company owners put trouble happened months ago ? fix preemptively ? 
back school 'm 25 masters study computer science 'm virginia tech option gauge opinions department vtech cs department professors job prospects ? 
've learned lot javascript 've learned knowledge doesn 't haven 't completed challenging project 've decided making chrome extension don 't make 's fun challenge development 
backstory attended csu undergrad left completing unrelated field shy 3 classes completed local cc leaving school worked software company sf 2.5 years move product related position time found passion cs 've messed programming 15 fast forward decided back school attain degree cs questions transfer units sfsu complete bscs ? doable accepted transfer student decent amount lower division cs courses local cc transferring mention gen ed classes transfer finishing upper division cs courses complete remaining classes needed ba local cc continue taking pre req courses gre attempt mscs downsides upsides major upside transfer sfsu receive financial aid mscs route longer comments advice appreciated 
graduate june 2017 've site interviews past months received fourth rejection realize learn interview adjust point evaluate ? site interviews peers friends offer ? sort ratio offers interviews expect ? 
started negotiating salary position email past weekend email received company 2 days ago basically tomorrow tuesday accept offer move company 's response salary question responded back day basically deserve higher salary xyz hope reconsider response monday night haven 't heard back 's wednesday evening received response company day time lagging usual normal companies stop responding feel longer discuss salary ? feel aren 't agreement respond ? previous statement final ? offer low negotiation nervous options open hope didn 't pull offer 
secured internship summer spring semester 'd prep internship 'm recommendations general resources clean code pragmatic programmer general tips 
graduated degree computer science job manual tester qa months switched automation development years job search automation position company 'm lot companies github link don 't personal projects spare time programming hobby 's job don 't github account majorly screwed job search ? 
recently passed ms round invited nc final round curious nc email interview detail yesterday basically im interviewing ms service opportunities graduating bachelors cs interest taking customer calls broken surface book interview loop recruiter reach sde intern referral onsite friday ive emailed mistake assume dont respond attempt make friday bother lol ? guys 
worked wordpress developer 4 years 2 hour lost job company closed hard impossible entry level net developer philippines set minimum 2 year benchmark entry level net 've unemployed 4 months transform net developer 've read articles tutorials stuff basic don 't 
sounds dumb 'm worried past point things put start blend wash recruiter superstar employee average 're unknown startup 'm talking contacted ? projects mediocre transcendent ? long term methods gpa brand recognition morph overnight god coder suppose 's coding competitions making major open source contributions excess average employee unicorns ? 
'm 6 months placement year 1 year placement year degree recently talked supervisor candidates interviewed interviewed offered ways worthy interview process job asked happened candidates shit grades dropped interview guess lucky ? question damn feels weird day job similar experience ? 
offer deadline coming tomorrow internship large unicorn summer written offer recruiter told ready send exact documents sign make slight modifications start end date sign contact recruiter email phone past week haven 't response continue emailing reach ? worried won 't respond turned offers won 't choices 
'm year college started computer technology youtube channel year accumulated 50k subs million views covers consumer computer hardware technical videos cover personal projects research worth mentioning employers ? resume worthy ? personal website worthy ? mention ? put resume ? 
moved traditional developer role business intelligence describe difference terms skills regularly challenges ? future lookouts role bi consultant technician 5 years line ? technologies steer clear ? 
senior high school love part understand programming experienced computer science past months faced dilemma found years college pretty generals logical nearer cheaper college generals research cs major 'm main thing 've read college 4 years important networking purposes professors people important finding jobs sort 2 years 've read 's harder amount networking turn makes harder succeed year transfer route plan generals uw stout uw eau claire cvtc technical college eau claire wisconsin transfer uw madison 's wisconsin computer science cheaper madison bit pricier option years uw madison expensive result student loans 4 years main concern lead success future madison big partying deciding factors shed light decision greatly appreciated tl dr 've heard staying college important networking potentially lead jobs 'm stuck decision generals 
end goal work seattle fear messed chances graduate 've internship testing role starters don 't 'm marketable lot experience java technologies point determined stay home changed mind mid october started applying jobs coast november haven 't heard back applications 'm starting worried won 't job home area insurance companies startups career wind jobs ruined opportunities move bigger company coast ? 
student interesting facing challenges start procrastinate procrastinate start playing games watching movies stupid shit deal ? thinking programming makes feel good toooooo lazy deal guys ? 
shit boggles mind man job switching situation prior experience field 
've fortunate land internships dream companies upcoming summer 've narrowed listed internship suggestions preferring 1 se intern leading search engine company machine learning project team matching matched prospective manager pros surprisingly knew talking motivating talks open mind suggested small project ideas learning lot join summer interned pure tech firm bay area love cons direct return offer policy exit interviews 've lot smart people school make return full timer impact factor starting position generally low huge company 2 quant researcher intern leading hedgefund chicago project decided pros pretty intensive program fun challenge par rest math background pure cs additionally lot personalized intake numbers lot attention paid pairing team sign making learn cons previously interned se intern add diversity resume didn 't mind earlier 'm told taking account return full timer chicago winters constantly remind weather opportunities 've passed understand quant researcher broad term expect working project skillset similar required tech internship project 've put decision long 't delay longer suggestions greatly appreciated 
graduated college 2015 degree audio production working field freelance love work feel lucky eventually start family don 't income sustain 've recently found interest programming courses lynda assuming continue learning developing skills couple years 'd find decent paying job field formal degree subject ? 
'm torn changing major cs cpe 'm interested hardware don 't don 't feel excited learning job looked computer science computer engineering related field life graduating cpe degree ? 
formal documentation bonus end year employees year expect receive year 'm leaving ? responses 
hey folks 'm tough situation interned summer major electronics company software engineering intern returning offer role position time internet things team accepted offer deadline respond super early september recently internship offer nc 'm tempted renege return offer higher level software development experience web mobile apps resume embedded software development interested financial sector time worth destroying relationship electronics company chances decent guaranteed full time offer graduate ? working full time ? grad salary year ? 
'm graduating college spring options yelp consumer backend team legit 'll happy learn lot medallia package 'm concerned fact 'll sre don 't type work medallia 's offer 's switch back sde time switch company good news sre medallia hot fixing preventing problems happening won 't forget coding skills sre small company block career development ? 
'm video game software dev 3 years don 't kind technology learn industry professional experience unity3d 'm front end mobile developer sorts expertise isn 't directly applicable game dev 've native ios android development don 't javascript web front end 've touched asp net avenue pursue learn things don 't learn ? ? kinds technologies companies hire devs extensive specific experience ? game development regular programming job advice share ? advice general greatly appreciated 
offer advice received internship position summer company response week 's problems 1 waiting hearing back company interview left company extend deadline ? contact company received offer back sooner ? 2 company offering pay 'd work company renegotiate salary ? 
trouble choosing attend ve read horrible online reviews couple programs making hesitant make decision read grads afraid post negative reviews program find paying full time developer job nyc attending ? interested nyc hackreactor nyc fullstack programs 
throwaway 's complicated situation graduated college 2013 started working embedded software engineer small town hometown worked company march year accepted offer company town money job interesting 'll refer company worked 4 months forced move large city 5 hours familial reasons parted ways gracefully company implied door remains open wanted remote work future city job company company company small startup type deal 10 years 's stayed small design primarily operated military defense space transitioning traditional private sector company issues adjusting 'startup market short running money expected multi million dollar contract indefinitely delayed happen hired months ago work great due financial struggles ceos taking pay reduced 75 pay 4 day work weeks 's kind nice confident point time company funding desperately investors feeler company weeks ago receptive idea working remotely hesitant pull trigger regret current company pulls slump successful thoughts ? 
round internship interview coming topics algorithms data structures design patterns examples expected ? 
graduated back find tech job greater york area 'm confused apply entry level positions require minimum 2 years experience wouldn 't 2 years experience 's job simpler direct apply entry level positions ? positions don 't require 2 years experience apply apply aforementioned ? 
intern bank america specifically nyc location return offer full time ? curious package received looked glassdoor giving bunch answers thought internship offer summer big factor returning full time curious offer received competitive 
thread chat casual discussions casual questions moderation light don 't jerk thread posted day midnight pst previous daily chat threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? daily +chat +thread restrict sr sort 
've written [blog post https csacademy blog dissecting interview problem part 1 discussing step step strategy approaching interview problem hope 'll find 
hey guys graduated college chemistry minor computer science spring started working software company san francisco september months school work visit family europe explore countries offer 103 yr salary 10k signing bonus stock private company keeping interviews working company spare time january offer company wanted work college denied internship full time job multiple times happily accepted offer negotiated 120 yr 35k signing bonus stock private company started working late january november offer table shame refuse 's offer 132 yr 40k signing bonus 60k rsu told december 17th accept offer company good company imo love work thing holding back fact unsure affect long run future companies find strange worked full time companies year ? affect future switching jobs company stay starting popular office nice relaxing 6 hour workdays imo make won 't big deal switched companies initially 
've dropped college majoring cs unable complete coding projects understanding algorithms semesters receiving marks feel outrageously depressed online resources apps textbooks improve coding skills worked 'm reaching mid twenties time person expected move parent 's home find job work improving aspects don 't studying cs cs level comfort 'm allowed creative logic introvert side bloom matters 't pass courses 'm complete loss 's 13 days till final exam 've crying thinking stupid dropping college time break cs stupid person ? 
apologies posted day give answer offer hoping clarify extended offer yesterday pushed accept spot asked time gave day waiting hear companies offers attempted time clarification written offer hr recruiter extend formal written offer verbal acceptance ? terms accept make understand full benefits hours verbally accept decline written offer ? 
live country brazil making wage usa mcdonalds clerk makes middle class 'm starting free code camp programming 'd 1 year studying coding 6 hours day make amount money make kind money improve quality life 't express improve 'm moment making 6 dollars day work minimum wage country guys idea taking time read answer question s2 
experience years making websites local small businesses 1mm market cap crud apps startups 5 years feel 's time move major leagues 'm interested microsoft beatport pinterest uber work 've user products bring table web developer ? 
eligible graduate ucsd fall quarter bachelors applied mathematics 4 cs classes winter spring minor computer science 2 classes quarter due prerequisites enrolled ucsd extension program web development lasts jan july intended part time students 's achieve minor cs simultaneously conflicted passion lies website mobile development feel potentially prepare career teaching languages field working projects curriculum minor ucsd portfolio projects extremely important applying jobs tech world 'd time spent minor worried making huge mistake finishing minor cs ucsd don 't weight cs minor carries worry wouldn 't time dedicate web development program field hope start career 
writing blog related tech career information obvious shouldn 't include show potential employers ? 
'm web developer 'm freelance step feet digital nomad life obvious step upwork based 've heard 's terrible idea 
's lot chat bloomberg recently 'm lucky internship offer bb 'm curious people thought intern program specifically examples projects ? interns ? mentorship ? bloomberg carry future pursuits ? struck experience ? 
made move big corporate tech division world smes startups ? ? pros cons ? recruit side fence transition 8 years multi national ? 
noticed job posting company pay higher wondering apply ? sparked curiosity making huge decisions hear peoples opinions security professionals ? development ?? 
helpful giving advice ace intern grad interviews part internship good company goog fb final year graduation luck 'll return offer 've noticed isn 't focus subreddit securing internship grad offer comparably prestigious company big 4 unicorn focus offers 'm lost goal maintain upward trajectory ? quant sigma citadel jane street ? management position big 4 ? boosting 's resume job experience years back grab master 's degree machine learning ? 's step grad good starting job ? 
companies hiring winter spring interns silicon valley san francisco bay area ? ? 
'm frequent browser understand studying interviews shebang 'm curious guys resume studying practice interviews stale rusty couple weeks finished interviewing october interviewing season internship haven 't practice couple weeks 
'm wondering 's experience michigan ? experience 's lacking competition employers aren 't paying talent cost living low competition compensation low 'm specifically wondering ann arbor detroit good companies work experience ? good defined competitive compensation flexible hours agile micromanagement culture 
junior ivy league school studying cs point education 'm 'd industry pursue graduate school undergrad feel good fit product manager role general pretty good engineering skills good people skills big picture vision haven 't totally committed idea giving hard technical work research received offer pm internship pretty big 500 employees company excited 'm concerned taking pm internship opposed software engineering research internship hurt chances grad school don 't evidence 's feeling hypothesis 
'm graduating term start date job doesn 't begin end academic year basically asked start earlier source company told 'd essentially started bottom team words mine don 't hate wait spring pick teams work interesting things grad hires start 'm inclined start spring 6 months order prevent potato question 6 month gap terrible resume move company future ? 'm grad longer apply internships ? 
interning security consulting company website moved hosted internally developed 3rd party company summer ceo manage web site make marketing team week feel don 't begin navigating architecture code 've asked make simple close fixed 's overwhelming documentation 'm code 's net framework sitefinity cms idea follow code things similar situation advice understanding architecture ? working company managing website great hold foot door 
completed semester bachelor computer science http www uow au handbook yr2016 ug h16006862 html due situation arose move interstate australia universities queensland bachelor computer science university queensland bachelor science majoring computer science https www uq au study plan html ? acad plan coscix2030 qut degree major computer science https www qut au study international courses bachelor information technology bachelor information technology computer science degree impact entrance software developer industry ? perspective degrees uq qut match expected ? 
hey guys 'm 18 'm planning transferring weber state university utah university utah obtain associate 's arts degree semester 'm worried choice majoring computer science thoughts ? felt university utah spacious quality school compared weber state offer workshops meet notable companies google adobe haven 't weber semester paid tuition weber state pay 1000 university utah spring semester planning summer internship pay rest semesters university utah qualify 5000 scholarship university utah fall semester 'd responses 

week interview involves group work morning team design product company present prepare stand ? 
'm biochemistry undergraduate 3rd year 's late thinking minor major stick biochemistry major graduate school feel experience computer science field good idea future job aspects certifications work prove credibility future ? 'm studying introductory computer science offered online harvard class 
submit response survey read entire post clicking links replying thread nbsp cscareerquestions long ago [a monthly meta thread https www reddit cscareerquestions comments 56abw3 heated discussion salary sharing threads conversation pm lljkcicero offered opportunity reins steps ultimately lead post link current draft official salary sharing survey survey 's responses linked directly sidebar stay perpetuity attempt fix glaring problems salary sharing surveys data fragmented 's hard find information 're evaluating offer deciding number request hiring manager keeping survey responses single location subscribers access single document complete view industry objective concerned time sensitive data responses automatically timestamped feel free data day month year decade feel relevant responses google sheets document csv file download enabled google sheet automatically update latest responses time download document play data 'm forward awesome data scientists learn data make formatting easy work caveat numbers represented currencies means 'll normalize converting single currency exchange rates change rapidly disingenuous convert single currency today 's exchange rate [click http superuser questions 286192 formula updated currency exchange rates excel spreadsheets tl dr currency conversion google sheets hope document responses exist survey link people feel intimidated past responses salary sharing threads potential contributors click link upvoted comments listing higher salary 't completely 'm afraid discouraged people contributing separating survey link responses link 'll end responses broader range salaries industries responses top engineers contribute matter make 400,000 information important helps community full understanding industry data submitted automatically public surveys 've reddit option consent public release consenting option included survey intentionally personal opinion aggregate data isn 't learning salary average salary area 75,000 doesn 't story people make 12,000,000 12,000 ? experience people ? order understand salary numbers supporting context provided individual paramount meta data data part meaningless anonymity important 'm make survey comprehensive allowing individual remain anonymous city 's col index requiring company industry required company appreciated purpose thread feedback request disagree 've comment explain position information missing important survey feel questions shouldn 't required poorly formatted reworking removing don 't hesitate comment means final draft survey exist long time time alright ado [here 's link survey removed current form reading 'm forward making perfect edit mentioned replace existing salary sharing threads continue posted scheduled point survey persistent centralized advantage threads main reason interactivity 't reply survey entry details salary sharing threads ability reply user directly learn resources merits time update contributing suggestions 'm make post read official launch 
've back work 9 months maternity leave 'm slowly realising change 3 years python role 'm underpaid bit bored 4 years dev experience 2 years qa bsc msc cs good university ireland 'm wondering ruined chances decent taking long break male dominated field thought children kiss death 
curious tech companies behavioral rote technical questions technical questions algorithmic style 
'm interviewing qa intern position company 'd summer pay qa interns development 'd 'd hurt chances receiving offer qa intern asked interviewing process open spots development interns ? 
recently offered pm internship great company upcoming summer 'm excited plan accepting expires thursday summer interned local software company software development internship invited continue internship school year part time accepted main problem current employers returning summer mentioned summer assume back based extending internship feel accepting offer order give fair shot intern replace give advice ? advance 
phone interview senior hiring manager software engineer role told wanted fly lm campus texas give tour meet hiring managers progression interviews lm ? phone onsite ? give insight happening onsite ? 
preferably companies doesn 't gpa 
manager improve subreddit similar directed management ? 
'm short forever make entire thing recently broke fingers middle finger remains hand affect chances keeping software developer internship set summer ? 
thread resume advice critiques read [resume faq https www reddit cscareerquestions wiki faq resumes implement advice abide rules don 't jerk thread posted tuesday saturday midnight pst previous resume advice threads found [here https www reddit cscareerquestions search ? resume +advice +thread restrict sr sort 
'm school computer science real interest game development establish software developer game design 's negatives 'm start applying cs internships jobs resume full retail warehouse work lacking cs projects question game projects carry weight 'traditional ? couple indie games impress ? 
hey reddit recently landed job fortune 500 company pay great benefits good culture nice interview process interviewed software developer spoke passion development drive create products team week found support team primary development team 6 people central manager code rest rely tools recommend management task tool coming perspective smaller company wanted wrote candid conversation management expectations skillset handed copy 'reilly 's site reliability engineering google runs production systems instructions ideally 'd run things don 't 'll problem finding areas plug api 's tools expand functionality positive ways thought interface computers guarantees 'll primary concern labeled devops individual allowed production development primarily work sre ? experience coding ? enjoy ? 
recently received offer company work 4 days ago written email attached pdf emailed back accept offer yesterday call recruiter steps 'm curious companies work guys paperwork 's close summer term ? recruiter send information ? sign offer hand electrically sign contract officially accept offer ? feel offer email recruiter acceptance email firmly lock offer 
updated resume substantially recruiting season started alas regarded ? 'm applying prestige isn 't 
im freshman software eng student frustrated fact dont cs courses semester program map compare software engineering courses ? year 1 semester 1 15 credit hours comm 1050 technical communications engr 1015 introduction engineering math 1010 calculus math 1850 linear algebra engineers phy 1010 physics semester 2 18 credit hours chem 1800 chemistry engineers engr 1200 introduction programming engineers engr 1025 engineering design math 1020 calculus ii phy 1020 physics ii ssci 1470 impact science technology society year 2 semester 1 18 credit hours liberal studies elective elee 2110 discrete mathematics engineers elee 2790 electric circuits sofe 2710 object oriented programming design sofe 2800 web programming sofe 2850 natural foundations information technology semester 2 15 credit hours science elective elee 2450 digital systems sofe 2715 data structures sofe 2720 principles software requirements engineering stat 2800 statistics probability engineers year 3 semester 1 18 credit hours liberal studies elective elee 3450 microprocessors computer architecture sofe 3200 systems programming sofe 3650 software design architectures sofe 3700 data management systems sofe 3770 design analysis algorithms semester 2 18 credit hours engr 3360 engineering economics sofe 3490 software project management sofe 3720 introduction artificial intelligence sofe 3850 computer networks sofe 3950 operating systems sofe 3980 software quality semester 1 15 credit hours engineering elective engr 4940 capstone systems design electrical computer software engineering sofe 4590 embedded systems sofe 4790 distributed systems sofe 4850 user interfaces semester 2 15 credit hours engineering electives engr 4760 ethics law professionalism engineers engr 4941 capstone systems design electrical computer software engineering ii sofe 4840 software computer security 
've decided switch compe cs university cs classes acm events cs program abet accredited big deal cs engineering ? find job ? btw helps oklahoma state university edit graduate school eventually 
title question 
've realized 'll comfortably afford living big city higher salary back school debt lot people reddit agree web development taught online resources questions learning front end web development career prospects humanities background gravitated subjects art music foreign language literature maths sciences weak points 've interested computers work building things time remotely technical interested building myspace page wordpress journal wanted content featured aesthetically pleasing led front end web development web design doesn 't viable career unemployed lot time hands teach html css don 't 's offer job security future 's 'm chasing money rich live big city los angeles york career time study things passionate creative writing foreign languages art spare time good web developer motivation making beautiful ? interest things databases functionality hardcore programming things back end development front end web development kind career succeed live breathe material ? day job spend hours thinking reading work job markets los angeles york ? creative job ? pain involved things ? front end developers lot debugging ? 't imagine staring lines code hours pick errors brutally honest love idea making beautiful websites moving elements clean intuitive interfaces motivation issues don 't mediocre developer saturating market search quick buck 
found position bank big ish city 'm interested exceeded education requirements bit experience working schools manage bit inventory applied call email schedule phone interview monday started research left questions previously googling reading reviews company glassdoor showed reviews stating don 't pay 're overworked make quick googling related positions showed median salary position 62k range 55k 73k specific job description requirements read require college education 1 3 years experience rare jobs doesn 't require college degree pay ? address questions interview ? wait pursue ? reading happen related experience position shed light day day professionally worded job descriptions ? 
've working current company 8 months 'm contractor told 're interested offering full time position problem offices california relocate family lives approach ? wait hired relocation ? bring manager ? apply job directly california offices 'm afraid manager finds mad talking ? 
hey guys 't decide monitor setup purely productivity purposes set coding webdev occasional gaming media consumption 1080 22 monitor 3 options 1 22 1080 monitor 110 dual monitor setup 2 ultrawide 29 monitor 250 1080 monitor extra 3 1440 27 monitor 300 1080 monitor terms pure productivity vfm ? 
nursing major process switching comp sci fit nursing link courses required tu 's program http catalog towson undergraduate fisher science mathematics computer information sciences computer science fouryearplanofstudytext good worthwhile program ? switch schools software engineering track interested similar generic cs plan study additional courses http catalog towson undergraduate fisher science mathematics computer information sciences computer science software engineering requirementstext coding comp sci related stuff 'm sort blindly excelled math advanced level age good computers advice appreciated 
weeks ago told converted full time meeting exclusively make experience today found money contract ends underpaid severely benefits emotionally invested ignore money part feel 'm forever unemployed 2 months experience didn 't training room developers knee deep project day 1 honestly attracted bad luck ? terrible behavorial interviews 'm hopeless job search edit figure dad 'm google 's nyc office time ? 
work 95 corridor dc government contracting specific area industry emails hey winkie5970 recruiter work company based 've web [stack overflow linkedin experience [php ruby sql skills emails vary bit problems primarily email address aren 't stack overflow profile creepy 're info previously posted resume 4 years ago sound relevant replied guy called apologized creepy factor 'm tempted call point specific stack overflow posts ? ? effective ? 
'm senior graduating 2 short weeks spent semester applying jobs problem started college didn 't care schooling locked 2.7 4.0 gpa experience database development 'm entry level job gpa jobs 've hoped interviewed final round large company told wanted hire drop due gpa wondering problem ? dealing 
applies big companies google microsoft twitter places good internships aren 't ? resources find internships smaller companies ? ideas 
university percentages gpa scale recommended list ? gpa 87 ? gpa 87 100 ? gpa 87 ? 
'm sophomore ivy hyp internship year 'd guess resume pretty good interviews places jane street apple bunch reasons didn 't end preparing interviews haven 't landed good internships year offer pay 25 hr job doesn 't interesting 's country east coast live portland don 't money point 'd spend time home family stay opposite side country working job 's interesting won 't give terms prestige experience field easy stay home summer ? red flag applying internships year companies recruiters care ? 
corollary prestigious ? knowing aren 't factors 
posted initially itcareerquestions feels place recently quit python developer job worked 7 months choice control 'm find 'm stable person experience includes 6 months java dev lot 2 3 month projects python lots learning 'm learning front end development angular2 experience positions require kind front end dev experience unfinished master 's degree cs return university finish year live russia pretty low expectations salary 15 hour great pay russia website hh ru 's popular place find job create cv send 'm capable land remote job time remote harder find work remotely due medical condition services worldwide ? options find remote job ? send cv companies ? 
college bootcamp question kicked thread multiple times circumstances slightly incoming junior bs cs program traditional student 'm 26 solid work history time 18 24 military career college cs dying enter workforce finish degree night feel coding bootcamp land entry level developer job dream feel similar situation feel draw bootcamps light end cs degree tunnel sum wondering classes knowledge belt object oriented principles data structures sql database design maths bs cs complete algorithms practical skills learn bootcamp land job junior dev ? impatient idiot put head finish 3 semesters school internship ? responses searching guidance side note gi bill pay coding bootcamp funding issue uncle sam richest rich dads side note 2 love programming cs majors learn school challenging rewarding skills learned invaluable learning things 
graduate cs degree 16 days wife recently job middle indiana closest city evansville ideas places hire developer experience ? worked college completely unrelated job general indiana field ? live southern excited move real winter high today 81 high humidity 
've googling compare subjects taught msc ai msc 't confidently decide real difference exists admit 'm familiar understand subjects based 've searching understand artificial intelligence intelligent systems defined differently ai 's focus algorithms focuses greater picture things higher system level ai stuff examples including iot simply newer synonym ai public perception term ai distorted mass media aware named graduate degrees ? provide insights clarify doubts ? actual difference ai ? differently named graduate programs thing ? subjects offered program focus ? career paths graduate degree open ? importantly choose questions ? kind answers suggest program ? trouble 
'd work position hand experience stories 
heard ibm video response system hirevue codevue entry level internship applications apply divisions watson ? curious 've heard lots grumblings terrible 
company making offer constructed offer based current job title salary experience current salary job title changed reasonable revise offer information ? 
realize thing cold email recruiter ? recrutier email friends don 't ? kind feel dick ? wouldn 't email blue recruiter emails linkedin inmail thing ? insights deeply appreciated 
msc software engineering work years mba ? main goal higher position workplace pay 
true web development 'easiest area software engineering enter degree ? usa barrier entry higher applications systems software ? basic cs knowledge plan studying year work enjoy cs hope studies figure subfield software engineering 'd prefer specialize 'm enjoying operating systems makes systems software hired degree hard don 't odds finding work systems lower focus full stack web development 'm open possibility focusing mobile apps desktop apps chances wouldn 't lower web dev 
tired combing junk jobs linkedin wondering tech specific sites finding job openings 
17 instate university nc ncstate cs 41 acceptance rate problem love snowboarding 'd degree appalachian state university 62.7 acceptance rate question ncstate improve chances jobs uni asu noticeable difference ? asu 62.7 acceptance rate difficult jobs graduation ? plan extremely college fight top class asu isn 't big cs world 'm ncstate prestigious college make difficult find jobs ? edit universities heard cs world ? 
'm lucky opportunity yelp 'm curious people thought intern program specifically examples projects ? interns ? mentorship ? yelp carry future pursuits ? struck experience ? 
've scoured reddit stackoverflow numerous job boards market area consulted programmer friends wanted cscareerquestions thinks situation half liberal arts degree working customer service years large company good pay benefits hoping put family position 'm young mid 20s hoping clear 60k income ideally 80k 5 10 years msp metro area figure cost effective programming research overnight overmonth task javascript base node js jquery css html5 taste couple components front end web dev thinking bet easy path terms learning curve job prospects question real possibility job online courses certifications official entity make portfolio find side work experience ? real shot back 4 year cs degree ? 'm missing key info 
mail phone interview virtual white board hoping nore information depth difficulty topics questions couldn 't find glassdoor 
idea compensation package appnexus grad software engineer ? specificity glassdoor terrible detailed comp info trade hand amazon seattle grad offer details 's easier find 
'm snapchat internship interview future minimal idea expect 's round expect 'll phone ? difficult coding questions ? hackerrank leetcode prep ? appreciated 
week team lead interview current work place wanting advice reading lot books lean bringing teams skill focus 
friends lot discussion algorithms data structures interview questions 've dig information platform specific questions google big companies site coming recruiter informed half tech interview focus specifically android platform 've idea questions barely posted glassdoor applied android positions google facebook share examples type questions asked ? exchange extremely helpful resource found benefit similar position https gist github lawloretienne 6f7d7d92f72986f5ebd60f226d9044ee advance 
received offer summer internship week half ago excitement read documents quickly totally missed document completed hr 24 hours received caught error today logged officially accept offer totally blow chance ? freaking excited opportunity 've emailed recruiter guess 's wait 
don 't chose unrelated psychology art history interest programming thought taking specialized major provide benefits major mobile development vocational job presented career oriented cs made mistake thinking cs guard screwed job explicitly mobile dev majors school presented career preparation public university devry ? finished school unmentioned major internship experience misled ? don 't remember killing kittens deserve 
experience interviewing baidu sunnyvale swe positions ? couldn 't find previous discussions subreddit 
interview junior dev position confident fundamentals words wisdom interview horror stories make pain worse 
ds 86 88 familiar lot data structures stack ll doubly linked list nice traversal queue understand recursion trace bit understand idea big feel 't project write bst 'm struggling ds understand gist sparknotes write queue hand 'm sitting google logic practice 't similar experience ds bueno ? 
work tiny web agency hr coworkers owners guy 'm talking messed lot past verbal putdowns owners didn 't job recently overstepped decided put end spilled knew boss things bad boss support fired past transgressions toxic environment managed create radar angry fact insulted criticized front coworkers including arrivals intention keeping proof fact owners fire based word support decision case witness power fire ass calm waters talking position ? 
've 5 stressed 20 minute hr convo easier ? 
happened past 2 weeks contacted directly house recruiter practically wishing interview insisting interviewing company small 50 employees max business earns 25 50 million yearly revenue 's saas mobile apps phone interview insisted finding current pay initially rejected told asked told 80 90 thousand impossible wanted send technical assessment check skills 've ghosted haven 't received email phone call ghosting normal ? salary expectation high isn 't google gs large company ? glassdoor shows 80 90 thousand sample 
'm finishing college 'm expect work force 've job software engineer consulting company don 't expect interned graduate ? hard learn skills needed job ? hard stuff worked college daily bases advice throw ? 
vary wondering 's general range fall assuming interview 
turn recruiters future opportunities line ? 
junior internship offers pinterest search giant ny ads interning summer choose pros cons ? 
year ago landed awesome proper job career years unemployment heavy depression job software developer sql etl perl top500 corporation university degree computer networks 13 months kicked weakest person entire team youngest opposite im past 25 job slower quality work perfect heavy efforts developers simply work people team highly qualified don 't job dealing stuff etl perl hoping job experience ? polish skills pure programming coworking 1 3 months apply programming jobs necessarily linked databases ? job university field networks experience ? 'm simply dumb good programmer ? past 3 months 'm sitting room 'm terrified idea 'm type hard working low iq person opinion 's program 'm slow 'm good solving logical problems sudoku shogi chess recommendations ? 
'll 'm taught developer 've coding java 3 years personal 1 year professional work perfessionally java 8 month stint loved php dev relocating country java dev 've offered job php developer struggling decide hate current employer work bland code dated company real direction love java 'm scared java php field 'm worried switch php lock java world forever thoughts ? 
graduated 2010 liberal arts degree horrible economic climate couple years figure started programming landed entry level job website stuff fast forward couple years tech lead startup title 'senior software engineer titles don 't responsibility ownership tech stack company lot technical decisions company time accepted master 's program computer science wrapping quarter program thing heavily questioning master 's program worth put career hold degree work part time mentioned startup part pay cut responsibility school extremely expensive 9k quarter 3k month additionally put life hold move fun exciting urban area boring suburban area university year half school complete wondering people 's opinions worth personally enjoying school dynamic school forgot kowtowing ass kissing useless busy work required school feels taught isn 't tangible day day requirements developing software midterm asked log log grows faster kind useless difference opinion wondering cares person swe cs degree opinions ? similar ? day age cs degree ? reading 
hate things 've applied placement year positions big companies 've failed automated situational judgement tests things deadlines conflicts answer honestly deadlines negotiated avoid chewing swallow don 't understand deal tests 's wrong talking people don 't overload end finishing ? lie pass ? edit clarify automatic tests submitted application face face interview 
hey intro 'm chemist idiot understanding techno wizardry jokes points talk stem audience careers cs great topics interest guys essence 'm running podcast youtube channel general knowledge cs talking expert interviewing hope thread isn 't norm don 't field podcast plan learn bit field 'm edit post ? 
broad question searched find stuff months years ago 'm graduate associate 's computer science starting bachelor 's semester 3.9 gpa 's programming classes happy stuff feel confident ability pick ideas concepts begin working produce feel bit lost 'm applying jobs don 't bachelor 's huge lists technologies aware covered school 'm assuming learning learning ? relevant things learning ? 'm confident basics java vb html css database design sql jobs 'm requirements stuff 've heard coldfusion ? xen ? quantum gis ? things highly specific things ? learn things ? 'm find relevant information online occur learn job application pages ? point start things ? browse github ooh interesting frowned ? feels stealing feel school taught technical basics feel 'm unprepared entering job market 
site interview set company happen week today email recruiter telling position applied filled email mentioned 'm site flight hotel booked 'm good candidate thought courtesy cancel interview completely friend mine site opportunity open case potential hires renege guys site ? offers moment personally opportunity job offer end site 
backstory 'm recent college graduate commencement spring 2016 starting master 's thing fell drop result didn 't year long period college seniors apply jobs 'm offer stage company interview stage problem offer field cs intended work computer vision position 've found requires advanced degree company offer decent don 't lock career impossible find job virtually experience field 'm offered job based interview performance positions front end web development bit work experience easily career 'm pretty good shot turning offers past interview history concern reasonable ? taking job field typically requires phd bachelor 's end killing career prospects ? stupid pass opportunity couple potential offers field work ? 
hey guys 20 years sophomore rising junior university due credit short declared major late pursue computer science degree struggled life life terms profession parents brother extreme potential lazy woken im extremely curious individual father time study study study retire put pressure motivates crap guess computers gamer messed runescape moparscape online pc game opened source code learned fast forwarding intro cs 1212 class struggled beginning lightly semester ending realized acting dumb start learned hd learned class matters 2 weeks fully learned passion needed passionate learn quickly impossible utilize skills ? concentration cyber security love idea hacking guess robotics ? heard class school learn programming achieve understanding possibly land high salary job ? develop apps websites achieve good job cyber security ? writing lost field great finished pre calc pre calc didn 't care school back grown life computers build programming don 't post random context programmers programmers start ? journey ? fast ? ideas thoughts advice grammatical errors context tired ha 
've job searching positions require security clearance looked process generally works read 2 years obtain clearance assuming pass stages investigation don 't employer 2 year wait process people active clearances make jump jobs security clearances ? security clearance job ? process ? 
work web developer office 50 100 total employees located midwest handle web issues create custom sites wordpress html sass php copy pasting small js snippets basic things doesn strong understanding technology programming office lot resources things sites external booking systems ecommerce platforms times ve asked solve problems ll custom site web app replaced party version shortly asked make internal ticketing system replaced week zendesk developed custom woocommerce theme functionality fulfill huge list requirements switched shopify time create internally replaced don manage house ve worked year year front end ui experience prior starting lot learn constantly ways improve regularly attending hackathons meetups conferences date modern trends office talk cto outsource ll apis party sites enhance site create custom web apps 's advice plan response typically make spec ll hire agency create developers considered part creative department team work amazing cares lot work feel respected office time freedom websites create developing don understand bring long term feels replaced purchasing 60 theme designers customize talk hiring developers ve interviewing difficult understand bring don create manage instances companies starting small building team developers start creating internally ? feel young find position tech based company full extent skill set utilized grow time amazing laid back opportunity company cares don 't understand accomplish type situation ? relax years hurting career staying place growing learning developers ? 
pursuing degree 'm financial position switch core concepts cs mathematics moderately par fellow cs friends ? 
'm software engineering role sigma 'm worried hours finance typical hours software engineer sigma ? 
'm enter final year comp sci masters freelancing graduate 's hard recommend professional experience don 't 've learnt profession software development project planning estimating development time projects client interaction clear requirement specifications good books blogs sources ? sources tips make final year ready business world ? 
'm freshman software engineering student finishing semester 1 month semester starts thought work open source projects build experiences couple weeks ago diving messing git setting ubuntu finally fix bug mind medium sized open source project tons people chat bugs newcomers started bug totally lost literally idea guidance felt lost 've pretty computer science classes highschool cs class semester due fact im software engineering degree question bridge gap learn school working trivial assignments contributing ? contribute project 's interesting community great hoping project gsoc makes 
[spreadsheet https docs google spreadsheets 1km9bsx0swpdiopmyvremsdujys5sf0zqvbxr5s52wsa edit ? usp sharing [original tweet https twitter jtc au status 804696875815288836 
average salaries senior software engineers 'm student belgium 3800 monthly 48000 yearly frequently posts 100 salaries higher usa explanation difference ? usa generous belgium suck ? 
's ? 
'm job visa prospective employer long transfer visa talk lawyer care immigration documents don 't employer position lawyer employer asked visa transfers ? independent lawyer house 
guys wondering uber interns tech company sf doesn 't corporate housing past housing haven 't figured housing start end january recruiter told generally interns find interns live facebook group wondering guys experience guys general recommendations finding housing sf 'm super clueless stuff 's hella expensive love live swes swe interns companies apartment complexes house swes great uber office south market area 
fears career pigeonholed type developer starting happen constantly recruiters push jobs net domain net web developer 3 years problem didn 't necessarily choose net started career company happened net picked fulfilled work company developing product internal web app closed public clients change work projects impact peoples lives everyday people visit websites applications work work projects physically phone open internet browser show work show app website team built great variety technologies project ruby rails mobile android application type companies ? 've people digital marketing web agencies ? good companies type work ? 'm chicago helps 
graduated summer 2015 class mechanical engineering degree respectable university extremely passionate learning coin toss university study mechanical engineering computer science graduated desire return university undertake degree computer science question funding degree existent afaik kind people steps secure funding study free internationally ? learn program private time interested learning skilled academics classic theory insight naz tldr funding degree study 
past year busting ass ee minor cs degree consideration advice industry dropping minor employers don 't care 'm find elective courses interesting helpful job school offers cool courses taking semester web development called ethical hacking sounds neat guys courses mind ? courses ? graphic design ? business ? mind taking cs courses 
'm wondering social media sites sharing personal website 'm grad build personal website time show projects link resume github mail aren 't social media sites personal website linkedin 'm thinking starting twitter instagram account honestly touch social media love connect business professionals considered considered inappropriate ? linking reddit account professional discussion ? facebook ? 
speak experience interviewing internship role spotify ? aren 't job postings related role careers site find glassdoor 

'll graduated couple months ago university ontario working software company 'm international student stay canada permanent residency eventually citizenship 'm unsure process applying pr requirements information experience pr recently process 
reading lot reviews hackreactor 2016 wondering program high quality ? 
due series events family couldn 't control sort missed applying bigger software companies amazon google app wasn 't put work kind flopped interviews question timeline hiring process software development jobs ? geared data science 1 hour drive san jose big companies hire sept november basically stopped pipelined tons people 6 rounds interviews missed boat smaller startups area hire ? slightly smaller large companies ? qualcomm ? oracle ? ? offers places area 
recently transferred 4 yr univ continue cs degree due poorly school higher ranked school 'll senior semester taking 400 lvl cs courses 'm hard time adjusting school 've missing school bit recently added information science degree good reputation nationwide reasonable amount knowledge programming built plenty projects school finishing alg 's rn ability teach languages wondering reasonable choice back school switch info sci apply coding jobs afterward plan building projects side demonstrate ability program atm tldr entering senior status cs program liking school school switch infosci hopes landing coding job experience programming advice 
23 received economics degree thoughts career pursue experiences late career change ? 
've discovered subreddit googling code reviews found answer 've called back interview software company 've asked write code review program 've provided github link 've working making notes found stuff online criteria things check content wise 'm proper developer job 'm final year university 've performed actual code review struck format 'm expected adhere 's surprisingly difficult find actual code review online 've found lots people talking 're good isn 't actual examples online googling ability broken 've found images screenshotted actual code written don 't 're expecting case writing bullet points points 've noticed ? 's worth point observation 've made improvements make ? advance subreddit super helpful 
basically company 'm interview jira time reporting policy manager reject reported hours report time spent coding researching things approved manager don 't pay official holidays don 't pay coffee breaks paid hours reported approved manager companies report clients crossover pay lot higher don 't require manager approve hours sound red flag ? company employ similar policies ? sounds 'm gonna judged amount hours reported 'll end reporting 120 hours month results work wise won 't promotion salary increase sounds great source stress 
don 't provide background interviewed received accepted offers multiple members united states intelligence community ic includes organizations cia nsa dia organizations unique technical challenges bright software engineers work projects secure nation offer insight questions interviews security clearances polygraphs reason mods proof pm cheers 
area reserved actual employment ? 
interned yext ? internship offer 'm curious hear experiences good vibes interviews offer competitive hear hand accounts 'm interested hear quality engineering culture engineering internship respectable resume ? 
companies small startups lots spaces left interns ? 
hey guys 'm internship front end work basically crud operations 's reasonable pay area worth putting internship summer ? logic lines continuing put work experience resume doesn 't worth opinions 
work software engineer web developer data scientist reddit ? office ? salary work environment ? hiring ? day spend browsing reddit ? 
sophomore college majoring computer science 86 intro java class master java great 'm good projects back past assignments code put current project tests good bought pro version code academy bette coder waste money ? 
'm contractor software engineer close family member started experience related education testing qa field company happy hire contractor certification show paper qualifications recommendations cert exams start ? recommendations 
hey finally found internship pretty masters machine learning frank kind unusual aspects offer raise red flags official title makes financial data intern working database system guess thing built sql interview wanted couple years learning system intense takes internship position couple years ? 'm sophomore honestly plan places work time period thing kind feels underpaid junior position shitty title 'm fine degree jump ship early consequences 'd hit ? pitfalls 'm ? sounds good part time position offering 20 'm school shitty job bills gonna paid 'll experience 't feeling 's 'm missing guys grounded reasonable expectation industry feedback appreciated 
background graduated back june 2015 due lot personal mistakes didn 't job july 2016 imagine pretty desperate point pretty shitty job offer job team work decent people work life balance good pay bad 50k 'm struggling midwestern city 've read waiting raises shitty money 'll 's 'm planning leaving realistically ? 'm future interviewers big negative 'm leaving job months big unemployment gap time job ridiculous didn 't year half graduating thing worth mentioning current job embedded software job plan staying field companies hire embedded developers standards long candidates stay job compared types software jobs ? wondering 've heard embedded software companies pickier candidates 's saturated fields negotiate higher salary job hunt ? 'm lowballed lot current salary low 
hey reddit title 'm high school hoping summer find internship gain real world experience 2 years java addition 'm taking cs ap cs high school college level nj nyc area 'm trouble finding places accept high school student question place area offer high schoolers internships 
feasible 2 internships summer ? 'd schedule 8 weeks overlapping offices street flexible hours companies return internship 'd time ramp work long hours pretty life work 2x intern events haha good idea ? haven 't talked comapanies accepted offers 
guys wondering general flexibility start dates fte offer grad finishing internship company general start dates grad hires ? wondering 've telling recruiters 'll graduating 2018 end summer classes wouldn 't fte august 2018 generally speaking start dates problem ? companies generally flexible grad hire start ? 
'm recent grad started searching job college week started contracting recruiters companies angellist linkedin replies schedule telephonic interview onsite 1 1 asap couple days contact companies week request schedule point time ? contact companies ? 
've working 2014 chemist position 've wanted work software development started taking online courses year intro programming intro java android development 've working current company software development team unofficial position working software dev team created program automates major bottleneck lab promotion lab wrote program visual studio degree physics programming experience school basically 'm wondering experience foot door entry level software jobs ? 'm positions defense industry lockheed martin boeing 'm curious chance landing interview 'm wasting time ? 
[burner account management 's view employee workload pile till employee leaves breaks burns manage situation ? 's context interview process employees strongly work life balance proves sense fit 10 pounds pound bag coming agile work environment appreciated organized software company mind manager decided half ass implement agile methodology assign projects daily status meetings teams management easily amazed hottest buzzwords technology simply don 't resources implement demand 
'll leaving college general knowledge sql java javaee android tiny bit obj net asp working knowledge javascript html css 've teach python 'm finding solve problems syntax specific language logic sql join query head struggle paper easily perform current classes revolve asp net find taught weird practices instructor hated join clauses clause sql query guess determine languages master start ? bother publishing android apps play store plan apply jobs require vb ? 
'm junior developer coming cs background started freecodecamp teach web development internship small startup months study internship led full time position due personal reasons resigned company august tough find job 'm town middle tech meetups shake hands developers submit job applications day stackoverflow flexjobs suggestions junior developer ? 
'm working nyc area 1 yr exp making 75k company work decent 're necessarily widely prestigious recently asked interview hedge fund 1 year extended contract position pay 60 hr job provide benefits 1 hr commute opposed 10 minutes don 't health insurance years stay parents don 't worry good opportunity moment thing 'm concerned expectations high 1 year experience comment pros cons making switch general situation specifically ? appreciated 
've working cloud startup 3 months support engineer noticed work requires crazy amount time approval bothers answer tickets triage client problems handle feature requests scope work decent coding skills things make clients life easier pull request review 's month started project make workaround popular feature request review hasn 't started asked vm requires multi machine setup 'm waiting brought cto direct boss answer don 't time 'd exception ceo asked draft proposal service couple weeks ago 2 3 days submitted internal review response startup environment previously product wasn 't successful atmosphere remote job push ? don 't work relationships work don 't limit sitting answering tickets 
've searching jobs area early september 've set job alerts multiple job websites application times count haven 't responses back 'm ce graduate jobs embedded device field start firmware don 't fit profile people hoping give feedback searching 1 narrowly fresh ce graduate ? 2 miss boat jobs fall graduates ? 3 fewer job listings winter ? 
've heard dropbox interviews brutal give tips makes hard ? expect leetcode hard ? harder phone screens google 's ? note internship 
'm working career totally unrelated cs find programming interesting 've taking free online class python osu 's post bacc cs program 've boss plans didn 't dissuade jobs field extremely stressful require work long work weeks question working field feel job overly stressful work long hours ? 
year student constantly stress part university lot thinking career spend lot time school stuff programming side algorithms side projects taking 's toll biggest problem 't relax watching tv shows gaming relax lot high school school home homework wanted feel 'guilty relaxing sounds weird 've spent lot time studying 'll thoughts 'm playing games studying prestigious companies wont fear fail implicit test graduate wont good resume internships projects knowledge algorithms coding design good start turn basically bury career guess 'm deal ? stop thinking ? relieve stress question students 
'm interested applying fall internships handful unicorns 'd options open full time 
tl dr bottom bit background college fall dropped due depression studying cive hated classes school parents society pressured study engineering 've questioning 's path past months starting college thought wanted study cs java class high school python study enjoyed problem solving aspect lot changed web development internship didn 't sitting desk hours end found process writing testing revising code annoyingly tedious lack socialization affected 'm introverted felt made study cive realized idea working civil engineer made feel hopeless working software engineer 'm science person means 's initially drew cs tendency idealize things idealized meant software developer wanted job 's smart kids wanted title engineer resume wanted high pay money people knew made lot money wanted comfortable office environment wanted surrounded smart people wanted people smart 've realized 's greatest insecurities 'm questioning decision study cs 's tearing dropped back home thought finally 'll time cs coursera classes 've wanted days doesn 't excite anymore person write code spare time created github account internship built programs needed high school class lot people don 't college knowing opportunities motivation starting college spring intention study cs business day dropping consisted spending good hour thinking 'm smart study cs parents study didn 't internship learn enjoy job making money make happy happiness job tolerate spending free time things love 've watching lot ted talks 't tolerate job happy watched steve job 's commencement speech stanford work fill large part life satisfied great work great work love haven found don settle moment don 't loves job tolerate nonetheless words stuck 's extremely difficult accept career cs make happy 'll answer biggest fear ending job business don 't enjoy job wishing 've studied cs led things ? happy jobs ? stick make lot money happy 're office ? don 't career cs make happy lead manage communicate 's business major interesting idea 'd 's making college absolutely set path 've rambled long tl dr guess questions find career cs fulfilling ? rest working life ? advice give find path 's cs ? rid societal parental personal expectations holding back ? 
offer 32 days 'm unsure feel 
completed interview process recruiting season lucky 4 internship offers companies wondering advice companies things 'm redfin pays bit 1k mo recruiting process redfin 'd love chance work seattle 'm bay linkedin ka startup 's location 'd live work future suck summer redfin 'd standard software development eventual career goal work machine learning engineering concerned swe internship year ml future sophomore opportunities future ka giving opportunity work bit ml 'm sre intern linkedin 'm experienced learn startup offer 'd part machine learning team cool opportunity 'd future pay half normal swe internships 3k mo pretty significant factor linkedin ka recognition feel redfin software recruiting circles land interviews year 's interned companies advice choice 'd love hear wanted subreddit advice land internships 
'm performance reviews 'm told engineer delivers high quality time 'meets expectations staffers 'exceed expectations software developer 'exceed expectations ? 
advice decision quality employees differ ? reputation ability jump companies differ c1 versus ibm ? general advice choosing ? 2 years aim mba phd long term career important equity 
earlier school year phone interviews online coding challenges study summer surprise pass responses thinned reading due holiday season companies resume open spots jan feb questions failed algorithms logical focus ? graph problems harder companies interview process ? 
recruiters telling applicants expected passed rounds seattle interview hope ms round interview point ? 
feel squandered 'new grad status decent grad job interviewing 6 months recently settled generic net developer job generic enterprise solutions company 6 months interviewing calls lot prestigious software companies made final interview rounds 2 big 4s software companies personally feel companies gave opportunity 'new grad longer 'new grad feel opportunity 6 months ago fears correct ? chance 1 3 years time ? 
'm decide job received offers companies homeaway austin texas qualtrics seattle culture working similar tech stacks guys ? 've heard good thing wanted 've overlooked 

set structure questions asked subreddit 'm aware apologies breaking rules question background design air compressor move oil samples measurement device collect samples outlet constraints working include measurement device constant pressure 20 200 psi constant flow rate 0.01 0.1 gpm 50 500 ml min lastly oil samples close original state testing effects blending 't metric compare data shouldn 't relevant design current approach pressurized reservoir hold oil samples valve release fluid reservoir fitted air inlet air compressor pressure release valve maintain constant pressure system equations listed farther long set pressure high pressure release valve active pressure drop due volume change dip set pressure valve system reaches pressure release valve opened allowing fluid pass measurement device exit outlet current set equations boyle 's law account changing volume air oil released p1v1 p2v2 pressure volume correct measurement device constraints pressure account constant cross sectional area tubing mathematically prove va volumetric flow rate velocity area area constant velocity variable respect pressure finally question worried agitating oil compressed air regulate flow issue ? density air significantly oil roughly 0.86 cm 3 remember correctly air actively resist oil open fluid release valve pressure equalize rapidly ? worry flow rate won 't constant measurement device air pressure process changing offer advice specific areas researching equations beneficial greatly vague clarify additional thoughts typing air agitating oil looked surface tension equation surface tension represented units force length figure force required break surface tension oil design reservoir narrow increase allowable surface tension similar swimmer rising surface water air change shape oil break agitate 

personally linkedin develop network received ton work connection made work based performed remotely heard mixed responses people find networking tool ? platform find region ? downsides found linkedin centric ? 
place im building machine dispenses drinks earlier peristaltic pumps ebay fluids contact motor disadvantage pumps slow pumps expensive unit found cheap gear pumps ebay http www ebay itm 321919642661 make dispersed liquid unsafe consume ? 
've problem 're find pressure drop heat exchanger found [textbook pages https drive google open ? id 0bzznpuc3vz3mtefxowv1v1bhtmm perfect find 've written lovely function follow account 'll running ton figure good configuration heck np supposed ? problem pulled 've read time time fresh eyes function [dph dpb pressuredrop mh mb mu nph npb rho de dp np np ???????????? de plate spacings dp port diameter nph npb number passes channel spacing plate width friction factor plate height boiler house house side 32.2 gc 32.2 gph mh pi 4 dp 2 aoh nph gh mh aoh reh gh de mu fh 8 reh 25 dph 1.5 gph 2 nph 2 pi +4 fh gh 2 2 gc de rho +rho gc boiler side gpb mb pi 4 dp 2 aob npb gb mb aob reb gb de mu fb 8 reb 25 dph 1.5 gpb 2 npb 2 pi +4 fb gb 2 2 gc de rho +rho gc end 

order large batch wire pins diameter 025 wire lengths 35 long bent middle form angle make order figure good material wire pins soldered pcb small repetitive force material solderable hold shape playing steels stainless steel wires mcmaster rigid hold shape don 't solder materials surface treatments platings mind part ? 
reddit 've happen dozen times year 'm interested thinks response students graduating internships found position linkedin direct email jobs emails include resume request call tend clusters emails universities 'm suspect contact information shared social group case student position group company works group 'm involved 'm part hiring team normal engineer happened ? respond ? response ? 

essentially insert small 1 10mm diameter tip pipe liquid gas measure pressure 20 atm ideally inserted mm 'm tight space 't traditional pressure transducer 'm accuracy precision 
[five tiny engines work http www popularmechanics technology gadgets advice g2836 5 tiny engines work ic rotary steam engines 
ride 2010 zx10r maintenance day time bike shocked size air filter picture isn 't air filter exact size mine small added point reference entire air filter isn 't larger galaxy note 5 kawasaki claims bike makes 185 hp factory worked cars made amount horsepower air filters 3 4 times large bike question decision making process deciding size air filter ? recognize motorcycle made racing economy car goals expected massive difference size air filters ee make sense ? http 3 bp blogspot rpcukcaj8ci suurkmkzxfi aaaaaaaajnu e0qdhkqx3ji s400 dsc03583 jpg 
selection belts solutions issues conveyor systems work troubleshoot issue 're 
theory put 7psi 1985 ford 2.3 na engine fuel injected 14lb injectors support 101 hp stages methanol injection id push 140 hp 7psi 95 hp 's additional 45 horse methanol beef stock injection ? require ecm maf injectors wiring harness significant engine mods reduce comp ratio true equipment cheap easy find stock 2.3 motors easier cheaper work low rpm low boost engine pretty cool meth ratio methanol range 3.5 1 6 1 tons margin error prevents detonation leave stock timing advance compression ratio cools intake charge injected turbo 'm planning running intercooler burns cooler lowering egt 's compared running equivalent amount gasoline question hour volume min injector size 'm planning orifices pressure achieve required volume pure methanol inject support peak 45 horsepower ratio 4.75 1 give 25 ? made incorrect assumptions ? theoretical atm 've found calculators give rough idea injector size efi system guess relevant duty cycle 100 orifice pressure efi injector ? brake specific fuel consumption 9 na 2.0 forced induction give idea ratio calculated 
background pertains question 'm meche student state college southern california 'm planning graduate 2ish years experience internship design manufacturing prototypes mockups makes feel excited real engineer future general thing love engineering plenty opportunities find work pretty world unlike majors marine biology mechanical engineering things job locations limited geographical variables silicon valley cities berlin pretty engineering epicenters young person traveling world work places viable exciting option love finding job easier place mexico visiting san jose bay area feels places hitting capacity job work ratio places bay area southern california harder harder afford engineering salary hope question isn 't broad experience knowledge field future field area world recommend young engineer start future career life ? assuming world recommend start packing norway start working tan job equator ? recomend taking learning speak german portuguese mandarin tagalog ? job outlook places engineering salary comfortable standard living live 'm pyongtang hiring lot nuclear mechanical engineers ill pass don 't recommendations whats working city live ? reading wall text tldr move find growing job market ??? 
reading polarizing information stem shortage ? 'm canada ton software jobs compared engineering disciplines type engineer job search setting location top results software development engineer software engineer devop engineer project engineer senior software engineer engineering disciplines returns 12,600 listings including software search software engineer returns 6,100 results software developer returns 7000 results 's perfect case study shows large market software jobs software bootcamps popping major city inclined supply meet demand millions capable devs abroad software jobs outsourced ? disciplines engineering stem demand ? 
'm subreddits online 't find thermal fluids pe licenses hvac pe licenses pe license 've heard referenced mechanical engineers 
working cold weather climate frost depth 3000 mm 10ft work owner engineer produced foundation footing piers designs 6 foam insulation footing extending horizontally prevent frost intrusion footings contractor asked question insulation layer raised underside footing 300 mm finished grade claiming significant schedule gains completed easy answer follow design 'm find resources insulated foundation design 's insulation layer deeper due horizontal development frost depth geotechnical cold weather civils care weigh ? 
've refereed job listing long time family friend sounds good fit 'm qualified snag requirement minimum 10 years packaging experience packaging design add round 's 3 years design work 've tiny delicate products scientific equipment house process storage shipments customers 'm wondering phrase experience position describes testing packaging aftermarket replacement parts lifetime buying things dealing packages count ? wouldn 't insight appreciated 

calculate torque based rpm gear ratios calculate torque neutral ? neutral gear 's spinning ? engine produce torque neutral ? hp generated engine neutral ? dumb question edit awesome input 'm glad didn 't roasted 
'm find guidance estimating fundamental frequency continuous span bridge vertical lateral vibrations designing pedestrian bridge guidance aashto pretty straightforward fundamental frequency bridge 3hz 'm familiar single span simply supported fixed found information continuous span equal span arrangements 'm clear approach specific case unequal span arrangements simply support single spans estimate imperial units hz 0.18 sqrt 32.2 deflection feet 08 fixed end fea conservative approach equation deflections evaluating continuous span harmonic behavior continuous span vastly simple span ? 
'm designing 3d printed clamp rubber bands provide gripping force clamp similar alternative 'm worried rubber bands degrade time lose gripping power kinda silicone tubing silicone exercise band type material ? originally planned spring dont springs give required gripping force stretch open clamp fully ideas ? 
good pdf copy post link civil fe problems working test master 's work 

problem project design machine works environment rich sodium fluoride reactions place moist air ? 
question bunch engineering topics hope designing gym equipment generate electricity moment working bike wondering place belt running pedals larger flywheel connected smaller wheel spinning electric motor generator wouldn 't increase total rpm generator increasing total energy produced input exception flywheel start spinning place stupid question sitting hours doubting ideas wondering assist efficient method suggest ? 

reddit recently moved large multinational corporation small independent company south west england objectives chartered engineer company keen pursue previous job part mentorship program made good progress fulfilling uk specification requirements ceng mentor professional institution raes finding local support advice offer time mentor ? advice appreciated 
thinking earlier today don 't 'd leatherman wingman pocket milwaukee m4 screwdriver arms reach wondering tools guys absolutely couldn 't live ? don 't fanciest expensive tools absolute favorites 
engineering improvements made heat pumps furnaces make efficient ? 

https play google store apps details ? id dpc droidprop hl en app wrote order quickly obtain enthalpy r134a lab range pressures 'm posting android 99 year bit rich blood poor doctoral student apple 
engineering 'm conducting ethics case study bp oil spill interview engineer participants involved spill 'm curious contact engineers names suggest reach immensely helpful previous post advance 

https imgur eauq1 
party inspector show week 7 hours scheduled test complain constantly wait point told make project difficult 
situation simple rectangular beam connected electric motor free end beam mass connected calculate high stress beam specific torque electric motor specific mass beams end mass beam rotational inertia motor considered calculate beams static cases 's lectures time calculate situation finite element software quick simple calculation paper problem static beam problems fixed end mass end time don 't start easy point direction ? edit found research papers deal control robots robot arms modeled euler bernoulli beam find solution haven 't time work papers 're interested solution comment posted 
searching internships led internships part time requiring 10 18 hours week spring semester employers knowing limited time trained projects ? high chance lead summer internship ? input experiences ? 
've lot money recently decent job feel extravagant gift buy engineering based gift girlfriend build kick preferably mechanical robotic im start thought id 'all 're big project enjoyed spare time 's intelligent hardworking 3rd year engineering school intermediate difficulty good information 


'm working small pneumatic valve handle 900 psi easy crimp tubing midsection order create valve 'm familiar sort tubing withstand pressure crimped uncrimped repeatedly tubing id 2mm 6mm tubing handle ? 

professor gave 2 bit decoder 4 2 input gates propagation delay 2 inputs propagate gates wouldn 't logic gate change output order delay occur matter ? mux gate 's output changing time 'm number 2 propagation delays 
year ago submitted [this https www reddit engineering comments 2lh2n2 sold completely wrong idea post things worse company acquired thought great finally learn minimal training technologies training period wasted back department reimaging laptops handed bunch code idea apparently feel blindly groping pull information people busy don 't exist don 't understand degree made competent design experience software position coding couple interviews turned struggle describe feel unemployable don 't personal projects ideas arrive home energy day 't energy clean house ? job janitor ? 't degree 't job studying aforementioned energy problem therapy vague advice turn company talks sounds rantings madman utterly lost 
software show visually heat flows part collect temperatures locations parts heated plug data program watch heat 'flow part ? suggestions advance edit grammar whatnot 
explored possibility headphone jack incorporating sensors awesome wiki page https github makermovement 3.5 sensor2phone wiki incorporating sensors documentation videos thoughts ? 
guys 'm resources manufacturing injection molding milling machines manage team cam workers ? 
finished hoped successful validation z88 aurora fea software 's made mistake experiment freecad find pdf https dl dropboxusercontent 20960013 z88validation pdf solid file https dl dropboxusercontent 20960013 z88 stp screenshot http imgur dhanx1g png calculations smath studio highly recommended software don 't forget donate 


spec sheets chiller energy auditing project found iplv rating 've read iplv substitute sorts efficiency plr chart 'm find pertaining chiller efficiency kw ton plr charts isn 't iplv static number ? pplv ? 
'm wondering 's buy ratchet mechanism prevent arm rotating features release application bike rack bar rotate clamp wheel place release pressure bike removed [this http lowellcorp model 71 ratchet clutch [this http lowellcorp wp content uploads 2015 03 model 21 ratchet arms line drawing jpg ideal cost prohibitive find alternatives thought purposing socket wrench 'd avoid working chrome vanadium 
'm data scientist engineer 've question awhile hoping answer land 's designated suitable residential commercial development result contamination parkland ? remediation standards stringent greenspace versus development ? 
wasn 't planning internship offered internship drug test wait summer ? odds 's urine test hair test ? similar ? edit elaborate smoked weed 2 weeks ago haven 't smoked years 'm concerned 2 adderall pills 've week prescribed studying im drugs concern wanna drug test summer 



hey don 't 'm place mother motor neuro disorder called [carcot marie tooth https en wikipedia org wiki charcot e2 80 93marie e2 80 93tooth disease dropfoot means ankles 't pick feet [dictus band https www ortoped ca en dictus band html devices walk completely unable walk problem device latex rubber band https www ortoped ca en dictus band accessory elastic band html wears time rendering useless requiring purchase company 's pretty expensive piece rubber company stopped selling country current band wears won 't walk find replacement preferably cheap erimed 's pay walk type system band strong lift foot device wearing replaceable wears 
doesn 't matter field 're ways tackle problems 
bsme 'm hunt jobs fea taught junior level cae class dedicated creo simulate 's tutorial concepts sprinkled places understand basic concepts feel improve skills good textbook reading reviews 'd 's recommendations supplement 'd combination theory applications cook malkus plesha 's concepts application finite element analysis 4th edition good candidate 'm guys suggest ? 
canadian working colleague starting practice structural engineer certificate authorization insurance wondering tips suggestions software hardware laptop pcs purchase ? suggestions tips advance 
changing fluids harley today curse words thought poorly designed popular ? invoking icompany products amazed made market revisions ? 

http imgur fyebl noticed waiting cross street poles large grain sizes pole installed material property reason durability corrosion weather temperature cycles artifact treatment process ? bought unaltered bulk put ground ? originally thought paint chip realized pattern uniform appeared pole intersection background provide engineering decision 

reddit post uncle grandfather owns small structural design drafting firm usa business 25 years 30 drafters good small circle depended solely word mouth advertising expand business entering mechanical design fea type work uncle play stay masters mba expand make part career question 1 advertise ? don 't civil engineering contacts websites ? 2 suggest good contracting websites ? 3 making portfolio listing past work details ? 4 gain business ? understand hot market civil engineering open suggestions full time employed fortune 500 company 
interviewed defense contractor possibly future manager received poor performing employee left employee productive leads question difficult fire engineers defense contractor massive layoffs ? 
quick question regenerative desiccant dryers compressed air convert heatless dryer heated ? working compressed air production unit 15 20 purge rate standard heatless drying cycle wondering 's decrease amount losses 
working bottle torquing machine find good actuator portion grips base round bottles hold cap torqued machine complete consists servo motor connected torque sensing cell pair raised lowered vertical direction top bottle cap spins torque bottle diameters torqued hmi electrical parts controlled allen bradley plc pneumatic source moves torquing assembly base gripper grab bottle diameter 9 max 3.5 min designed piece mounted actuator grippy pads contact bottles plastic glass prefer find actuator pneumatically actuated considered centering pneumatic vise expensive heavy produces unnecessary amount force application important thing bottles gripped centered axis bottle diameter torquing assembly fixed xy horizontal plane mouth bottle place bottle size suggestions appreciated fairly novice actuators robotics 



literature information posts asme standards naming 3d solidworks cad models ? 




hey recently acquired maverix 800 power motor borderx electric skateboard love thrown advertised charged time board manufacturer board stated charge time 5 8 hours charger chargers battery 1.67 current capacity battery 36ah means charge time full capacity 21 hours charge 5 8 hours ill charging battery 23 37 total battery capacity 'll boards advertised full range 12 15 km charge 's actual full capacity 30 km ? farthest driven charge 6 km charging 1 charger mistake approximately 8 hours notice math funky good ? edit awkward title edit2 lead acid battery edit3 800 motor power battery capacity 
im papers graphene oxide filters broaden knowledge student edit sr flair im app 
understand matlab model 7 inputs produces nox emissions engine simulation based 7 inputs atmospheric pressure atmospheric temperature average burned gas temperature air fuel equivalence ratio lambda exhaust pressure inlet pressure assuming full load wide open throttle peak cylinder pressure add nox function matlab engine simulation model struggling goal understand similar model simplify implement fully understand calculations explaining part highlighted question marks understand function function ppm nox atm lambda bdc bdc exh 8315 universal gas constant psi 3.773 molar ratio 18 8 molar ratio iso octane epsilon 4 4 +y molar ratio calculate equilibrium constant temperature water gas shift wgs exp 2.743 1.761 10 3 1.611 10 6 2 2803 10 9 3 atom balance based excess air coefficient 1 lambda 1 co2 epsilon 1 lambda h2o 2 1 epsilon 1 lambda 0 h2 0 o2 1 1 lambda n2 psi 1 epsilon 1 lambda +1 +psi end 1 lambda 1 wgs 1 wgs 2 1 lambda 1 +epsilon 1 lambda +2 1 epsilon 1 lambda 2 wgs epsilon 1 lambda 1 lambda 1 watch quadratic equation moles positive sqrt 2 4 2 co2 epsilon 1 lambda h2o 2 1 epsilon 1 lambda +c h2 2 1 lambda 1 o2 0 n2 psi 2 epsilon 1 lambda +psi end calculate molar fractions constituent element co2 co2 h2o h2o h2 h2 o2 o2 n2 n2 ???????????????????????????????? solved ? understand sort matrix solution idea happening ? ???????????????????????????????? 1 lambda 1 prod 1.5 3.1 10 3 1.7 10 3 co2 1.7 8 2.6 7 5.8 6 +7 5 5 +7 6 4 8.4 3 51 2 2.1 6.8 3.1 10 3 1.7 10 3 48 8 72 7 1.6 6 +2 1 4 2.4 3 13 2 74 +6 4 10 co2 exh 101325 prod bdc 1 alpha 2 3 2 2 4 2 3 4 8 3 27 6 2 4 3 2 4 2 9 4 3 1 2 2 4 2 3 4 8 3 27 6 1 3 4 3 2 4 2 9 4 2 4 2 3 4 8 3 27 6 2 4 3 2 4 2 9 4 3 1 2 2 4 2 3 4 8 3 27 6 1 3 o2 alpha 2 prod co2 1 alpha prod end ???????????????????????????????? calculate equilibrium concentrations o2 o2 atm equilibrium constant o2 oxygen reaction kp 7 3.6 10 3 exp 31090 101325 1 2 pa 1 2 kp 7 o2 1 2 1 2 atm kmol 3 forward reaction rate constant 3 kmol 1f 1.82 10 11 exp 38370 calculate change concentration function time dnodt 2 1f n2 atm calculate residence time 8 10 16 exp 58300 101325 1 2 calculate ppm ppm dnodt 10 6 end 
offered lucrative position meps design firm nyc act pm ca design team clients gcs comfortable position large gc cm nyc project engineer raise substantial 40 current employer suggested match increase rate yearly review cycle march offer 10 year 10 year bachelors masters engineering civil engineer 3 years post college experience current employer managing interior healthcare renovation projects offer advise concerned switch make hard back cm work happy 
blue thing http imgur 0ju7uyy png blade meant separate film conveyor belt allowing rolled sticking engineer domain coupled fact manufacturing experience idea sort thing called idea thing ? make wouldn 't problem easier specifications manufacturers website 

hydraulics class competing build nozzle shoot water farthest fabricated steel wondering coating coat inside nozzle lower coefficient friction 150 budget pipe attached 12in flow rate 1300 gpm stuff pretty resistant high psi wondering organic additive increase viscosity water nozzle hooked pump shooting lake additive chemicals 
material data run finite element analysis wheel hub 20mncrb5 common lot google results 20mncr5 'm close 'd 20mncrb5 wheel hub tight tolerances 'd accurate results suppliers hopeless sourcing material datasheets 's thermal stress expansion analysis 'll elastic modulus density poisson 's ratio yield thermal expansion coefficient equivalent grades find 20mncrb5 scr420b sae aisi 51b20 hit astm advance 
good source bevel gears ? 'm small gears 25 id 1 od bit higher quality mcmaster 
've posted fea thought 'd put increase chances answer 'm modeling tuned liquid damper system building structure weird results hope simplicity 'm testing vertical cantilever natural frequency 10.7 hz total cantilever mass 5000 kg 'm 100 kg damper applied top damper rectangular water tank damping happen due sloshing water purpose reduce accelerations wind loads 're assuming water sloshes tank walls slamming 've modeled water tank equivalent tuned mass damper applied height structure damper structure connected beam representing tank 's wall properties optimal damper properties calculated tuned mass damper additional assumption made tank wall displacements floor rest relative displacement top bottom tank water tank displacement 've modeled master slave displacement constraint link connecting top bottom beam representing tank wall master node top structure damper image visual aid http imgur u4xcz note tank wall assigned mass masses assigned structure nodal mass damper setup ran linear transient analysis representative impact load base acceleration 'm good results tuned system tested untuned system results similar tuned system happening results completely undamped models tuned 100 kg mass master slave link http imgur 79aab untuned 10 kg mass master slave link http imgur uklae comparison original system response damper http imgur tamzq guess master slave link affecting results 'm figure happening thoughts ? 
recommend good inexpensive adhesive attach nbr part abs part ? nbr piece designed fit abs part gap filling isn 't important originally nbr part made silicone found difficult bond abs nbr recommended silicone part shore hardness 60a nbr easier bond abs silicone ? 
dear engineers plan buy style printer 's basically sheet straight tightening 4 nuts 2 rods firmly sheet designed build entire base put sheet 's open slot https 2 bp blogspot hd5igakrdpi bx7fnz8ui aaaaaaaaj9q zrwdxhthc4magwl9qlmdfqlsiy1 q7fbqclcb s1600 built kit prusa i3 mk2 jpg rigid ? triangle construction basketball ring board clear reference 3 axis square 's sold good 'm skeptical design love hear opinion 
apologise isn 't correct place post literally post 

project cooling roof roughly estimate cooling heat flux system tubes cold water flowing water temperature assume averaged water temperature constant system tubes air temperature tubes 'm heat flux assume system limited natural convection tubes knew nusselt number scenario easily estimate heat flux finding heat transfer coefficient information nusselt number horizontally oriented tubes heat natural convection surrounding fluid ? models nusselt number inside flow pipe 't find tube books notes ? 
hey engineering 've large timber retaining wall failing due improper drainage 's bow 1 3 timbers rotten wall approximately 50 ft long 10 ft tall 've contractors 've bunch mixed reviews guy tear put wall suggesting modular stone wall leave timbers place 100 deteriorate time driveway sink contractor repair existing wall replacing half timbers adding big supports ground front wall similar supports wall perpendicular ground add drainage stop water problem coat face wall cover solid 'm concerned timbers continuing rot time thoughts ? 
familiar generators run potential energy ? suspended weight allowed drop spins generator gearing produce high rpms 'm suspend 30 50 lbs powering motorcycle generator charge cell phone power light bulb recharge batteries sound feasible ? 
've [this turbine photo http imgur vettk background awesome 'd found years 


interview company cybersecurity position received technical questions normal ? companies programmers technical questions interviews ? verbally told internship 
've working semi large company 200 employees past year engineering department small group 10 engineers supervisor past year 've top sales guys company sales engineering interact 've bonded sports beers work reason rest engineering group kind isolated types interactions company 's annual big golf event coming 's leadership sales year salesman running invited 2 engineers participate event fact engineers supervisor asked won 't event day realize coworkers office kind feel weird event supervisor doesn 't invited approach situation ? jeopardizes relationship engineering group 
work engineer automotive field question bugged give straight answer preparing report detailing part models years common standard field colours model model common unchanged ? 've blue red necessarily purple light gray personally blue red transparent grey common 's essential 'd establish colour convention eliminate chances misinterpretation confusion make sense existing standard start cheers matthew 
've studying mechanical engineering 3 years 'm minoring french curious engineering states 's processes methods 
engineering 'm hoping draw collective experience industry knowledge point direction set miniature valves prototyping cold gas propulsion system handful google searches don 't companies make kind valves system co2 operate low pressure order 50 psi ground configuration testing don 't necessarily aerospace grade fact performance metrics 'm concerned input pressure 50 psi response time 10 ms small size preferable cost increase substantial operating temperature important consideration co2 vaporized warmed time valves 'm terribly concerned point cost effective option 've found mouse valve made clippard [ec 2 12 http www clippard part ec 2 12 30 's pretty attractive feel 've barely scratched surface 'd companies types valves 'm missing suitable cheaper option terms absolute performance valve lee 's approx 0.75 0.25 cylindrically shaped 233 pop immediately throw 've found days research feel 've reached point don 't knowing don 't experience area miniature valves chime suggestions fantastic 
design end tips gripper pick car roof stiffener accident 2 stiffeners top tip reject bottom top 5mm distance put accident thought design pick top leave bottom jig wouldn 't pick stiffener stiffener 99 cases suggestions ? 
recently started internship working testing enhanced oil recovery techniques specifically working polymers brines measuring viscosity shear foggy idea 's 'd clear idea 's recommend books websites give solid background processes 're testing work 're applied oil industry viscosity shear important ? 
airport project hand 're faa regulations faar field software subgrade weak flexible asphalt pavement reach higher cbr cement stabilization software stabilized higher cbr design ? original lower cbr stabilization ? 
eligible pe exam york passed fe exam 2 years ago working years engineer company moving north carolina effect license eligibility apply license north carolina apply york license ? 
understandably projects require amounts time 'd general idea compares work personal time balances 
engineers baseball related jobs ? love combine love baseball engineering degree sports matter 
'm type motor supplies constant torque rpms including 0 torque load connected greater equal torque motor generating load applied determining speed motor rotates motor resisting constant torque 'm pretty standard ac motors aren 't capable ? types motors device ? 
floor hatch basement heavy thinking sort mechanism opening weights 25kg lift point smart systems mechanisms lower required force open ? planning add conterweight lever space wondering smart mechanisms attached hatch opposite side hinges space suggestions 
engineering 's bi weekly career mega thread employers prospective employees post job offerings wanted ads network fellow engineers thread kinds jobs employer leave comment ready answer clarifying questions prospective employees job give description background expertise kind work sort thread find postings unanswered check forhire 
've exhausted google fu 'm excel section property database standard light gage steel members listed aisi aisc published database hot rolled members vlookup w14x22 find relevant dimensions 'm raw data table list section properties members 6zs2 25x105 've found spreadsheets refer hidden table 't find actual resource 

lot 's news pipelines nowadays people opposed obvious environmental reasons factors contribute leaks corrision question sort pvc type plastic material coating piping product line prevent steel corroding ? 've wondering awhile thoughts reasons ? 
professional entertainment purposes 
'm freshman college enrolled math 140 single variable calculus horrible limits continuity 've simply makes sense 'm perfectly fine integrals derivatives 'm whiz physics 211 mechanics chem 110 've accepted fact limits continuity forever gap knowledge midterms tests squeak class limits continuity prevalent day engineering work ? parts calculus math class important master engineer ? computer engineer work hardware software 
180 long seemingly equal hasn 't type technology replaced ? engineering talent problem aerospace ? engineering issue terms methodology ? political ? ? 
stumbled paying alternative career path engineers google ? work ? job engineer ? difficult test ? civil pe consulting 
glamorous topic company handle datasheets inspection records ? company work datasheets dated approach engineering draws datasheets printed filled inspectors shop floor engineers receive paper copy completed datasheet upload pdm system evaluation cursory datasheet requires entering numbers hand excel evaluation paper copy work service business deal variety oems datasheets tailored component assembly essentially large number inspections performed intricate system creating electronic copies datasheets inspectors access shop tablets end effort current system added benefit current system work problems arise delays receiving data shop compared electronic system problems arisen things hectic shop inspectors find specific datasheets shop floor time run copy datasheet notify engineer interested hearing companies handle topic nde records datasheets qa documentation 


buses produce greatest amount noise pollution city reduce paying attention cost ? 
manager asked implement statistical quality control companies chemical manufacturing plant guides tools started ? edit sigma green belt similar elaborate eh ? suggestions good idea 

engineer 'm precision device adjust watt hertz amp voltage ? device called ? 
energy balance equation type solar stills ? http imgur fuqwytd png energy stage water glass ? 
interested acronyms exists industries equipment prv aib mrt pressure relief valves air interface bottle marine riser tensioner 
hey guys 'm speed things rock climbing harnesses textile equipment life safety things fabric selection thread material stitching types test protocol dynamic loads areas build ten pass test ready prime time ? 

'm cool project auto tech class difficult similar build auto tech class electrical vehicles ? 


guys wondering design summit hosted ewb overseas ? care share experiences ? 
work small company works chinese factories produce parts learn proper format bilingual drawing uniform gb guobiao china drawing standard 'm open change uniform senior engineer taught doesn 't uniformity handbook engineers cringe 's problem works foreign language proper 'd love hear 't find consistent online 




folks fellow ee master student deal nonchallenging work work leaves unfulfilled ? student loved mathematics enjoyed challenge working ins outs complex analysis vector algebra maxwells equations real world find work painfully dull mundane thesis topics working corporations extremly technical pedantic reason grad school research apply analytical skills mathematical knowledge real world scenario accept ? 

things buildings electronics hinges ball bearings materials 

air supply line 80 psig passes regulator set 20 psig sealed vessel vessel starts 0 psig goal fill air reaches 20 psig regulator prevent overpressure 20 psig reached vessel continue supply 20 psig air flow regulator outlet increases mass air sealed vessel results vessel pressure 20 psig ? 

work piping steam netherlands piping generally european piping standards client asks asme 've heard advantages asme europe experience asme components application ? answer questions standard european piping components ped don 't asme components schedule 20 40 thing 90d elbow 6in sch40 wall thickness normal pipe sch40 ? en 10253 standard type type fitting fitting wall thickness reinforced fitting guys advantages disadvantages asme europe ? 
understand lot engineers management roles isn 't path guys ? 
software calculator input variables relating lpt generate values compare variables line graph elastic modulus layup angle found simple calculators online robust 
engineering work boss asked construct forklift existing truck 'm stuck books russian cover full process constructing machine paying attention truck 'd english language books sources replies 
sites edx coursera career development ? certificate sites promotion job field ? instance taking mit aerodynamics series edx land job aerospace field ? 
http imgur g7awu 
planning put vertical pipe ground casing 100 pipe ground map pipe bend direction understanding drills tendency wander pipe 2.2 diameter point sensor ? super high resolution prefer shelf 
edit [the full original post left edit reference helpful interesting comments incorrect helpful makes critically detail aspects work xyz wouldn 't work comments critical discussions day helped clearer idea mind made hard areas allowed ideas wanted put part front center 's biggest question answered biggest question mark idea work thread 'm hoping design turbocharger setup car runs additional boost engine bleed excess air cool intake air [to ambient running lower octane gas possibly advance timing depending cold mind big question turbocharger output additional pressure flow air engine [and pushing turbine wasted bleed air system practical ? main reason posted engineering reddit familiar gas turbines turbochargers give ball park numbers equations calculate plausible turbo output 66 air engine [and mass air pushing turbine touched idea work obtain 33 capacity possibly additional hardware 17 give ballpark idea additional energy turbine typical turbocharged setup 're reached full boost pressure car set wastegate typical setup open partially build full boost definition extra energy spool turbo question ? mind additional thoughts things wanted point end edit [marked original post reference things incorrect date important question asked science experiment car works ? thought don 't necessarily mutually exclusive plenty research planning realized important idea works risks car find long design fail safes system risk engine minimal point science experiment theory works wouldn 't posted engineering board simply wanted normal turbo kit install [i work motorsports shop part mind helpful describe project manner emphasis key areas state helpful system type gas turbine system engine piston engine simply component diagram big advantages gas turbine engines systems things stages [i cool heat air heat exchangers compression stages compression lines thinking helpful people diagram air cycle machine basically hvac unit airplanes [most planes 2 3 runs bleed air planes jet engines apu [both gas turbine engines produce shaft power turbofan engines diagram air cycle machine [there 's models shows air temperatures points system http www eurocooling public html articleanconafigure2 gif read wikipedia article https en wikipedia org wiki air cycle machine system doesn 't complicated doesn 't things air cycle machine machines [amongst things exact type thing 'm bleed air cool proves aspect physics idea sound things correct thinking wrong originally estimating 0.5 bar boost engine 1.0 bar boost bled cooling [or turbo put total boost 1.5 bar estimate stands originally incorrectly thinking 0.5 half 1.0 2 3rd air coming turbo wasted bleed air 'd turbo 3 times big [in terms mass flow capabilities air engine error numbers absolute pressure 0.5 bar boost engine 1.5 bar absolute pressure bleed air additional 1 bar boost brings total needed 2.5 bar absolute 1.5 bar absolute running normal setup 0.5 bar boost bleed air approximately 66 additional airflow needed 200 originally thinking practical goal note turbo cars 30 50 additional capacity turbo require turbocharger slightly bigger average [or turns energy 1.0 bar bleed air 'll cross bridge aware 100 capacity turbo start substantially excess heat due turbo 's efficiency range close 's maximum capacity regular basis reliability turbo factor 'm substantially larger turbo 've math [i online calculator wrong double check numbers reach 2.5 bar absolute cool 175 degrees standard intercooler drop 1.5 bar absolute [as drop 78 deg [i 'll rounding numbers intercooler cool air 250 assuming pressure drop bring 34 'm confident plenty drop achieve primary goal alternatively 't reach full bar boost engine [a scenario 's reach 2.0 bar absolute drops 0.5 bar 7.3 psi bleed air assuming 175 intercooler 's 16 accomplish primary goal low boost levels intercooler cool air lot [honestly estimates high 's air 125 intercooler 0.5 bar pressure drop 're 21 reality run cool air possibly run aggressive timing possibly lean engine make power fuel spool turbo 'm part assuming simply dump bleed air waste energy additional idea turbo additional push slightly pressure engine sees 's 0.25 bar [3 675 psi reference 's 125 intercooler output temp [we 're 0.75 bar boost point pushing turbo ton heat drops 41 0.5 bar boost engine sees [1 5 bar absolute cool cold bleed air run heat exchanger incoming air cool bleed air decompressed bat loosing 0.5 bar engine intake depending pipe sizes heat exchanger size flow decompress [but possibly argument 's sake 'll possibly pessimistic estimate dropping half 's remaining pressure [over absolute additional 0.125 bar bringing 1.125 bar absolute bring temperature 84 doesn 't lose additional pressure 're 42 'd options point [or possibly combining put heat exchanger intercooler cool full flow turbo put heat exchanger intake turbo [assuming doesn 't create resistance nullify benefit cooling air turbocharger 's compressor make easier compress air means turbocharger push pressure flow amount exhaust energy pushing turbine depending bleed air volume possibly put heat exchanger locations run parallel sequence additionally depending cool air running [or heat exchangers long 's appreciably ambient [which assumed 70 deg put final point vent atmosphere facing hot side regular intercooler front car side note objects heat exchangers intercoolers don 't worry airflow put fender wells side mount intercooler 's insufficient space engine bay [there space 1 depending additional boost turbo push effective heat exchanger 1 0 note things equal length turbo manifold ceramic coating exhaust manifold turbine housing [this lot heat inside improve efficiently turbine heat energy engine build boost engine possibly large factor choosing ratio turbine housing 's aimed quick spool time top end flow area 'd love feedback reference 'm dsm 90 99 mitsubishi eclipse turbo specifically evo 3 16g turbo [an extremely common upgrade dsms option change turbine housing ratio t25 turbo [stock generation dsm eclipse turbo smaller option turns don 't big 16g smaller turbo engine spool past engine flow end edit original post title explanatory general idea give details mind turbocharger car air coming compressor side turbocharger forced engine 's intake regulation pressure turbine side turbocharger opening wastegate excess exhaust gasses compression pressure [a boost intake side desired pressure reached commonly range 7 20 psi factory settings case 'd turbocharger build boost 're planning giving engine [yes choosing properly sized turbo 's larger needed important standard air turbo run intercooler [again larger normal needed key difference 'd bleeding air side intercooler throttle body air heats compressed cools decompressed 're cooling intercooler 's compressed allowing partially decompress cooled [how depends pressure 're bleeding cooled amounts boost engine work reference point 'd start 7 9 psi engine [a modest conservative amount crazy power numbers idea works raised turbocharger put 22 psi 're allowing 7 psi engine 're bleeding full 1 bar pressure appreciable amount cooling perfect scenario run 30 40 psi bleed 7 massive amount cooling [there 's online calculators calculate realize 's highly 'd reach explained reference test theory 'm thinking installing extra wastegate intake pipe ways throttle body boost controller connected intake manifold regulate [set 7 psi safely measure line boost controller connected wastegate turbo set slightly higher pressure [i 9 psi case fails earlier setup boost controllers wastegates don 't open 've reached desired pressure 's asked 'm hoping turbocharging 90s port fuel injection engine safely lower compression ratio methanol injection buy methanol idea works applied performance purposes vehicles engine 9.5 1 10 1 compression 'm aware practical run 7 psi detonation 's gray area 'm curious idea works applications performance reasons heavily built engine interesting 's theory question idea hold physics standpoint ? suppose manner ? 'm told naturally aspirated fashion turbocharger cool air boost bled theoretically additional pressure makes engine cooler air 'm told basically didn 't work lost air velocity pressure dropped [i 'm guessing didn 't work means wasn 't beneficial knowing details friend told [and 's incorrect 'm wrong theory 'm running boost engine definition velocity problems solved [i wrong thinking long 're regulating bleed valve manifold pressure desired setting [in case 7 psi velocity drops pressure drop 're allowing pressure past bleed valve [because theory 've built boost 's excess pressure manifold correct 'm wrong understanding physics side note realize 's massive turbulence airflow bleed air ideally smaller piping bleed point things equal length turbo manifold ceramic coating manifold turbo 's room improvement 'm concerned theory practical guess 's biggest pitfall theory turbocharger produce boost desired continue spool turbocharger higher higher boost [within limits engine turbocharger 're running boost air 's engine means air pushing turbine spool turbo faster case 's happening 've reached desired intake manifold pressure [in case 7 psi 're hoping turbo continue produce boost additional air pushing turbine fact wastegates needed proves excess energy run boost 's engine big question ? ways effect ? choosing turbocharger restrictive ratio ? [normally reduce spool time turbo lag restrictive top end require custom turbine housing ? [not time theory needed massively beneficial ? realize 's average amount turbo lag 're turbocharger substantially bigger 'm assuming ultimate issue turbocharger isn 't produce boost 're letting engine beneficial practical [i 4 psi ? reached 4 psi extra spooled appreciably rise engine rpms higher rpms engine 's peek torque range ? relevant thoughts comments ideas reasons work 'd love hear advice give reference 'm official engineering classes worked automotive motorsports shop years 've lot study turbochargers engine design gas turbine theory understand basics 's reddit suited direct 
working project group designing 20 kg octocopter structures team charge designing entire structure encountering problems designing landing mechanism initial design spring shock absorbing system reduce loading superstructure landing conclusion design bee complex fabricate simplify design reducing entire landing surface wheel spring flat plate similar moon lander biggest problem encountering finding equations determine forces strut connected landing surface experience sources point correct direction ? 
start 'm engineer pretty decent grasp physics 've tasked boss model manufacture part bore fit part 's 0.001 mm 0.00004 clearance side determine friction based surface finish 8 microinch sideload end goal model solidworks 'm start greatly appreciated 

digital copy ? 


today real engineering job told perform slump test sampling procedures large client certified procedures told supervisor senior level supposedly training day asked remember read manuals supervise tests left perform tests sounds company told client performing tests certified professionals ended supervision sounds violation canon 2 2 
'm 3 2 tee shaped solenoid valve split incoming flow outlet port exhaust port energized 's closed flow pressurized inlet outlet valve capable flowrates 5 12 gpm pressure inlet 70 75 psi outlet exhaust ports open atmosphere ideas find valve water 60 degrees pneumatic valve valves common manifold ? 
work team issues day day work organization typical lack knowledge sharing good technical documentation company 's aerospace place guidance background explanations topics tools jira task tracking assignment wiki knowledge management confluence mediawiki dokuwiki expected difficult part people accept tools don 't push unnecessarily 's good idea ? task tracking project management require wide buy people kind forced send info tasks concerns ability managers track day day work don 't idea adapting working standard tool wiki issue lack empty outdated pages people concerned departments write access pages advice experience share human aspect ? tools ? tools practice ? handle ? ps found related discussions experiences human side introducing tools [1 http softwaremanagementblog net 2016 01 29 converted entire company confluence lived happily [2 https www reddit engineering comments 1wbi16 knowledge management [3 https www reddit askengineers comments 31j7zx knowledgemanagementsystem [4 https www reddit engineering comments 3nz6iz knowledge sharing companies generally sucks 
beef resume work automotive division army deal big stuff cars 'm courses things valuable private sector car industry 
're thinking implementing rfid machines build company work interested utilizing tag sends company passphrase allowed buy confirm 's tags feasible ? recommendation company edit tags chips 

question basically title 've wanting pe shoehorned project engineering past years design experience isn 't developed 'm nspe website 'm drawn experience high quality requiring candidate develop technical skill initiative application engineering principles sound judgment reviewing applications project engineer participate design reviews work design engineers count relevant experience ? advance 
hey guys industry im wondering a449 bolt b7 ? cost ? thoughts ? 

manufacturers make cryogenic ball valves jic end connections ? valves class 600 valves 1440 psi pressure rating 1 2 1 valves specs 
airport runway project hand climate close desert subgrade weak made clay faar field faa software flexible pavement design 1 12 cm hot mix asphalt surface layer 2 15 cm cement treated base base 3 30 cm uncrushed aggregated material subbase 4 30 cm cement stabilized subgrade wr machine lab results cbr aren 't 'm speculating opinion work ? wrong design ? consequences avoid ? made ? 
'm working basic pneumatic system expertise 'm remember basic fluids principles years ago point direction appreciated working simple test pressure fixture 1 line regulated 100 psi line splits 3 lines customer put valves dead head pressure valve pressure valve 1 3 total pressure split greater based decrease pipe diameter section haven 't mentioned thoughts helpful 
worked vendors type opinion ? 
school project requires engineering hand making detachable attachable outer sole typically made sort foam shoe sneakers goal modular soles durable sustain degree movement original shoe ve experimented failed cut bottom outer part sneakers reattach velcro imagine strong sustain movement intensive exercise detaching velcro noisy easy align velcro shoe time reattach advice subject matter expertise failed local cobblers idea work sneakers advice solve mechanically latch button ? 
engineering 's bi weekly career mega thread employers prospective employees post job offerings wanted ads network fellow engineers thread kinds jobs employer leave comment ready answer clarifying questions prospective employees job give description background expertise kind work sort thread find postings unanswered check forhire 
time posting working door unlock project input case rfid read stepper motor turn handle opening door figured set motor turn handle proper mount lies problem living college dorm 't screw motor door motor nema 17 stepper 22kg awkwardly cube shape feel 't light adhesive easily future find secure mount stepper wooden door damaging wood 'd grateful 
kindly professionals world kind projects worth mentioning resume ? 
'm curious don 't streamline inside engine fan 's high bypass air travels couple reasons drag efficiency high bypass section exposed duct work fuel lines stuff air pass https scontent ord1 1 xx fbcdn net t1 0 9 12376157 10153803538231310 2226620203940549709 jpg ? b6d3649b155de501939b0b6629b4c453 oe 587 ef08c 
online appears test proper operation steam trap utilizing ultrasonic tester understanding hear trap opening closing condensate pass indicating allowing constant flow include uncondensated steam company bought model unit http www globaltestsupply product bacharach 0028 8002 tru point 1100 kit ultrasonic inspection system probe attachment yesterday boiler build pressure trap heard sounded water trickling sound stopped trap allowing condensate present closed steam present ? make understand testing device process 
exsisting real world technology limitations ? 
hey guys 'm thinking automated compost machine people doesn 't 's basically machine turns food waste kind fertilizer thinking food introduced shredder storage bin composted bin shaft middle paddles motorized ofc turn compost mix storage bin heated perfect temperature compost 60 celcuis temperature monitored sort temperature sensor connected arduino ? monitor temperature temperature higher 60 compost mixed paddles mentioned rpm fans intake air inside bin higher untill temperature 60 'm thinking making water collection device meaning mixture humidity humidity sensor ? monitor higher fan draw vapour inside bin activated vapour condeser removed system questions project 1 kind temperature sensor put system middle compost highest temperature withstand mixing process guess cables sensor compost bin micro controller question manage 2 question 1 moisture sensor 3 heat bin inside machine bottom kind material copper conductivity ? shield copper food waste mix kind electrical heating element 4 water condenser thinking fan draw vapour metallic fin condense water bottom side fin exhaust fan heat escape fins method ? lot advance 
animagraffs 're research project electric cars 've noticed brushless dc permanent magnet ac ac induction motors 't find clear pros cons tesla ac induction nissan leaf permanent magnet ac ? 
'm interviewing graduate engineering position foreign owned manufacturing company country round interview positive find product lines companies interesting excited company develop read reviews company online reviews earlier year pretty [damning http imgur l07kyf0 jpg review long eye opening 'm pretty disappointed disillusioned working company interest company 've decided faith make wouldn 't problems facing join company 've questions interviewer 1 working hours working position ? 2 describe typical day position ? guys questions ? make accusatory reading review 's questions update finished interview 's manager told position 80 lab 20 customer service 's cross marketing engineering asked working hours technically 's normal working hours mentioned review 'm dealing customer emergency plant work overtime commented reason emergencies happen 5 pm lab procedures long 'm manager 's response reading review raise red flags shame company 's products asked security guards time employees leave 8 pm means 12 hour workday pass round interview 'm scheduled tour plant possibly trial working day 's good fit 's hoping step determine rumors true 
hey guys 'm noticing lot job descriptions recent grad mechanical eng specifically autocad experience school solidworks creo difficult guys picking acad ? figuring completely method ? addition recommendations websites tutorials practice projects ? edit responses play educational version online resources doesn 't sound 'll bad 
methods time consuming lose references assembly drawings 




2 routers asus gt r32 fully functionable tp link tl wr841n fucked basically burnt wan led green dont internet cable wan internet isnt working ? tp link guess antennas make antenna pc ? wireless antenna idk worked leds don 't inside routers tips tutorials 
undergrad started working university 's comp lab boss told graduates work software defence specifics sort jobs people masters phds topic give insight ? job outlook specializing field ? 
digging information benchmarks ansys mechanical gpu cuda cores computation data sparse ansys nvidia marketing materials curious real world performance boost adding quadro m5000 data typical show m6000 tesla series price spend insight appreciated 


'm working designing automotive shifter levers clutch shifter moving shift lever forward upshift pulling shift lever back downshift clutch lever pull clutch cable pull clutch lever push convert directions motion clutch lever forward backward pulling clutch cable pulled clutch lever backwards ? 

'm confused signing program register ppe ? 've school send transcript mailed documents requested couple weeks ago 's response 

engineer start career wondering senior engineers give advice youngins subjective question guess future readers thread provide context 'm interested mistakes engineers make career specialising field don 't positions movement 'm personally meche hoping future readers edit wonderful responses 've read consensus engineering graduate recommended behave tips 

graduated 2008 computer engineering time hiring thousands resumes 2008 2009 didn 't single interview forced wordpress freelancing electonic design firmware freelancing year 'll apply job catches eye hear back graduated 2008 problem ? easily freelance clients real positions applications directly garbage 
spinning electric motor manually makes act generator driving prius foot accelerator coast electric motor acting generator rate energy generation anti rotational torque altered pressing brake pedal ? changing strength magnetic fields motors electromagnets increasing torque required rotate generator ? 
recently downloaded student version catia v5 solidworks couple weeks preparing level certification test 've noticed companies aerospace prefer catia catia basic made 90 's made company puts solidworks question companies prefer catia ? catia solidworks doesn 't ? hired aerospace field solidworks experience catia ? 
received offer junior structural engineer position specialize infrastructure school working septic systems years company apparently designs reinforced concrete high rise buildings structural engineers suggestions prepare day ? 've quick glance basic structural analysis concepts back 've attempted disorganized reinforced concrete notes make sense anymore 3 years online resources advantage ? company 'm coming completely structural background 'm hoping clueless day 
'm designing drs schools formula car inexperienced freshman limited skills knowledge struggling kind motors thinking type actuator sits bottom rear car cable leads rear wing move axis change angle attack clue specific kinds motors start people recommended servo motors parameters rely motor weighs 16 oz cheap lock place meaning 60 lbs downforce applied motor holds wing place angle attack 
engineering 's bi weekly advice mega thread prospective engineers questions university major selection career paths tips resumes 're student professional engineers advice leave comment engineers give feedback 're engineers sort thread questions people answered check engineeringstudents 
've started work manufacturing engineer start working chartership heard fulfilling iet competences manufacturing engineer easier imeche university degree accredited imeche graduate programme 'm enrolled work accredited iet imeche 'm unsure proceed advice institution pick ? matter 're ukspec ? 
problems setting motorsport ? 
hey 've struggling working creating device put people work worse working directly folks teach techniques work flow work hard night shift pictures families pets snowball give false information totally understand position make 11.00 hr project working 2 years proud 's hard dealt ? coped ? 
hey guys 've moved semi role place employment tasked continuous improvement initiatives good framework guidelines required documentation guide ? 'm learning asset management 've lot resources required vis vis asset management plan assets brought online reduce capital replacement functional obsolescence 'm good figuring measure processes documenting change management measuring effects make 'm canada transportation engineering matters 
https www youtube watch ? 3r ci3kyyhm 
double check values calculations kva fla nominal hp 480 noticing ironic trend numbers kva equal nominal hp numbers ? edit table reference kva nominal hp 3.0 3 7.5 7.5 20 20 
mechanical engineer 'm working current position years 'm exhausted job time waste learning training plants bought company training shadow mentoring people leaders actual technical expertise working engineering chemical plant setting tons work hours day countless pointless meetings thinking taking certifications pay api 570 api 653 offer employer time don 't kind certifications find type jobs guys give advise based experience suggestions kind training appeal employers 'm ready give engineering close point advance 
title gain knowledge vacuum drainage systems suitable project 've tasked 'm fresh grad placement point direction good literature answer questions feel free pm post 
sensor arrangement leds register color substance salt time salt drying sensor wire causing device misread fire odd times due salt drying stop ? coatings stop ? 
company bidding job build winches temperature requirements caught eye average 8 min 55 normal realm easily address range major components 4140 keys shafts system concerns temperature range ? gut moment good source addressing material concerns temperature range ? 're small company limited engineering resources digging hoped hive mind save time 
recently graduated mechanical engineer florida extensive turbine propulsion experience 2 years ago dui florida engineering firm insurance wouldn 't cover company vehicles im designer home remolding company ive recently recieved awsome oppourtunity position turbine based mechanical aerospace firm application accepted company requires security clearance perfectly clean record dui 2 yrs ago misdemeanor 's thoughts issue approach situation sincerely brandon 
engineering 's bi weekly advice mega thread prospective engineers questions university major selection career paths tips resumes 're student professional engineers advice leave comment engineers give feedback 're engineers sort thread questions people answered check engineeringstudents 
place question thought today gave curiosity understand imagine car curve turn bit tight factors flip ? wondering aspects car mass inertia curving motion direction instants turn ? car mass inertia friction heavier car flip easier lighter variables equal center gravity car higher center gravity flip easier inertia car distributed higher heights tires friction acts creating angular momentum car thin surface contact ground car lighter opposes 've heavier car difficult road hand lighter car instability wrong ? 'm wrong ? ? helping 

manage starbucks love relocate oven practical spot 50 amp plug spot 'd move buy 25 extension cord 50 amp hurt oven 's performance negative effect ? 
taking pe transportation exam october time exam april missed questions 5 fully prepared afternoon conceptual questions mutcd answer color stop sign question past exam takers effect utilize 30 days 120 150 hours leading exam order put position pass ? review materials notes form review class school pe asce cerm lindberg book practice problems civil engineering pe exam ncees practice exam references hcm ashto green book mutcd interested opinions responses benefit taking exam lot material start studying 3 months 1 1.5 months tom 
technical college general classes transferring 4 year college major electrical engineering enjoy unsure decision similar problem comment kind engineer job 
'm medical student hobbies consist building things don 't desire actual engineering degree 'd recommend pick basic design fabrication skills ? 've built robots robotics build bicycles fair amount woodworking 'm unfamiliar design fair amount cad past 

relevent engineering publications abreast changing world engineering favorite social media podcast follow ? focus mechanical environmental engineering felt good information types disciplines 



timing post feel start preamble partisan arguing candidate party outcome 'm talking electoral college discussion election systems universally applicable millions elections held discussions presidental election specific general goal thread end preamble 've thinking elections end end system steps election goals dozens hundreds variations trigger election fund election define information ballot structure define constituencies cast votes count votes check irregularities translate votes outcome steps set goals difficult quantify mutually contradictory lot involve complex topics information flow data security redundancy checksums hardware software verification validation voting machines feedback loops 's math voting systems argue sample rates nyquist criterion applcable election systems absolutely critical functioning republic complex system critical public multiple tradeoffs goals balanced complex math science content context engineer analyzing designing system bridge constructed important goals election system people trust people don 't trust system blame ? isn 't designed 's grown piecemeal glued people ulterior motives completely transparent fashion engineers play vital role partisan transparent analysts make recommendations system make system trusted 'd love thoughts concept 
tear amazon echo cool day figure injection moulding cylinder holes [upper left corner https d3nevzfk7ii3be cloudfront net igi dtlbccpf4uvqxgie huge echo built cheap manufacturing don 't holes post processing mould cavity core insert cheers 
work burnout part position exclusive engineering noticed prevalent project engineers project management positions experience small manufacturing companies working project eit hvac industry corporate world 2 years experience switched jobs similar project design work time working great employers finally accepted good position company couple months finding feel burnt tired majority waking hours problems arise long project hours 55 60 hours week thinking resigning break find 's taking mood concentration work causing isolate team members coworkers wanted engineers similar positions experienced ? 's story ? cope ? actions improve situation ? interested hearing stories 
company pretty lenient unpaid leave policy 're ca standard perks fmla 've working 18 months coworkers 2nd fmla 6 weeks child 'm thinking 2 weeks holidays 'm 16 hours pto 32 paid sick supposed unplanned sick days question unorthodox periods unpaid time ? laugh face ? 
passed round interview plant manager company invites 2 day plant visit travel accommodation covered order 'm suitable working environment plant 'm nervous 've plant 've plant visits university prepare ? tips making good impression visit ? 

'm amateur rocketry team stop rocket altitude inducing tumble don 't test budget time constraints prohibit active test 're afraid stressing rocket actual flight aren 't banking working 's side project offered figure drag coefficient tumbling rocket plan solidworks fluid simulations find rocket 's tumbling drag job finding drag coefficient profiles rocket develop average based numbers problems 1 don 't fluid simulations solidworks 'm confident google shit problem 2 idea tumbling objects work haven 't aerodynamics class 
instructed speed fortran moderate experience nice set tutorials documents learning fortran quickly ? reddit 


hands doesn 't make sense 
'm training job bridge design didn 't school engineering 'm experiencing bit learning curve understand determine camber 20cxy divided squared 20 number sections camber distance 0 point question remaining distance length learning create camber diagram 've kind thrown loop past 've determined camber 's delta plug camber equation mentioned earlier problem 'm working 've created profile girders 's divided 20 sections section full camber 's picture camber diagram chart camber values section 1.5 camber determine camber grade line chord line camber chord line camber curve creates total camber 1.5 correct numbers diagram idea numbers angle grade line chord line 1.5718 degrees tangent 0274 angle grade line camber curve 1.8949 degrees tangent 0331 information 'm lacking description don 't hesitate advice greatly appreciated advance ps camber values located required camber section chart data http imgur iqwpo camber diagram edit image chart camber data loading girder profile divided 20 sections include sections total amount camber explain results image figure rest trainer camber data solve info means section 0 0 camber section 1 1 1 2 camber section 2 3 1 16 camber section 3 4 11 16 camber section 4 6 1 4 camber section 5 7 5 8 camber 
'm applying pe exam upcoming spring bit confused engagement summary references section 've employed graduating june 2014 degree civil engineering eit meet experience requirements 4 year education credit 2 years employment worked company graduation amounts engagement application process work multiple licensed pes provide references ? application makes sound ineligible apply don 't multiple engagements misunderstanding ? 
'm developing statistical fuel economy model based real world data logging trucks ecu data empty truck found optimum cruising velocity 73km top gear 1300 rpm pretty close optimum point torque power curves increasing vehicle mass increases fuel consumption linearly 500 mass increase fully loaded trailers leads doubling fuel consumption good potential problem optimum velocity change mass increase contradicts fellow researcher 's model 're hash personally findings make sense optimum engine sweet spot high gear minimal engine speed velocity engine load fuel rate linear change aerodynamics nonetheless reasons make sense optimum velocity decrease increased payload ? guess 'm break reasoning acceleration velocity slope engine power mass accounted major variables fairly constant 
working project form tip 20 gauge tube basically heat mold rf process mandrel tube press mold create pinch cut tube taber end tube mold experience wouldn 't mind sharing sage thoughts type process thoughts start conversation things critical ? easily overlooked ? pre treatments materials tools ? 
2,000 feet wires inside figure protect thinking flex mesh cable protectors suggestions 
engineering quick question electromagnets roommate build electromagnet microwave transformer plans testing dorm room 'm 100 works knowledge electronagnets potential risks fine ? 
share project working intermittently past 3 months project complete analog front end module designed ecg applications consists input protection amplification leg drive feedback reference generation 60hz notch filtering configurable 50hz purchase user anti aliasing buffering direct connection analog digital converter adc user 's choice pictures [module http imgur 0dsgpxr [breakout board module http imgur kh4oqvo [current consumption 3.3 http imgur ltlorl4 [wave forms simulated ecg input green output yellow http imgur vjolyse [ecg waveform output module connected human lead 2 configuration http imgur giuhugt interested [pre launch page https www crowdsupply signal lattice bes afe 1 mailing list receive information happy answer questions project including specifications design aspect 

hey 'm beginning sketches mechanical systems master 's thesis thought inkscape thing 't find decent free vector graphics bearings [this http rn wissen de wiki images e4 lager jpg ignore text ? appreciated 

hey engineering analyzing tolerance stack assembly 've designed cad made production stats determine percentage production assemblies fall tolerance assuming normal distribution tolerances realistic standard deviation ? rss tutorials youtube justify mathematically correct 
title states 'm supply company scope size https www mcmaster preferably europe learning stuff don 't waste time attuning metric system obsolete breaking hearts eurocode standards info site helps advance 


recently received company wide email explaining office closed christmas years worked 3 years work time catch paid time office closed pto simply unpaid days encountered job days paid normal industry ?? wasn 't planning taking time wasnt planning losing half paycheck december suggestions appreciated 
'm designing fabricating fairly simple [cargo carrier http imgur e3qlrwv jpg standard 2 hitch receiver box part made 2 angle 1 8 thick square tube 2 2 16 gauge questions weight tube ran calculations inch deflection 500 lb load point load end simply supported 36 cantilever beam mild steel 2 2 16 gauge tube 0.30337 4 maximum tongue weight honestly 's waayyy put carrying climbing [crash pads http imgur kxxiwb1 jpg firewood ice chest math checks worst case scenario overestimated length 6 safe 've tube home lot thinner thought honest lol 16 gauge tube ? personal experience stories ? 

hey reddit experience moving large company small product development firm ? work large aerospace company interviewing switch small product development firm wanted gauge opinions differed 's hand experiences 
working lamp hospitals build aluminium main joints 60mm 50mm smaller upper joint 's 60mm 50mm joints work http imgur o0tsiyf http imgur hrr1igz lamp hospitals open surfaces steep angles extremely easy clean outer mechanics springs reason bedside lamp usable patients poor motor skills usable hand finger reason aluminium lamps made plastic cheap pretty hard sell main led 's produces fair amount heat led lamp head weighs 400 grams middle joint carry 4 500 grams lower joint carry 8 900 grams problem make joint 50mm 60mm holds weight lamp time moved hand sick patient weak hand exist standard friction joint solve ? torsion spring reverts position time http imgur fb9erg3 aluminium aluminium friction time rubber washer wears friction http imgur hrr1igz plastic washer wears friction belleville spring lamp sags 10 20 centimeters repositioned http imgur wnwconf wave spring lamp sags 10 20 centimeters repositioned http imgur bflyxbv wave spring washer lamp sags 10 20 centimeters repositioned http imgur mi13wh3 lamp smooth movements repositioned inside joint steel cylinder steel hooks wrapping catching creating friction figure worked exact milling created exact friction don 't cnc machine hand order designs 2 weeks delivery time don 't software simulate mechanics friction 't model scenario basically solution problem knowledge lead ideally product exact characteristics hope 

plant hot water tracing system operating 80 closed system hot water tracing loop refilled potable water caco3 hardness measured 3400 ppm 4 years flush treatment figure piping system hasn 't issues plugging rampant scale growth occurring exterior piping issue ? pic return line 's pretty https redd ylqiptrb01yx jpg 
stringent emissions vehicles epa cafe carb today regulation apply co2 hc nmhc nox nh3 particulate matter future n2o increase plug hybrid electric vehicles raise electricity demand grid today burning coal natural gas 's exclude sake argument renewable sources wondering stringent regulations electric power plant ? afraid regulation stingent plan tighen decades increase electric demand transportation consequent burning fossil fuels bring higher total emissions 
'm stainless steel container liquid make airtight heat heat pad bottom attach thermocouple container ? 
graduated year ago bs ee work software company issues staying healthy aren 't unique engineering jobs field 'm wanted realistic options career paths started working 've bad lower back pain 's progressively worse dr recently due lack movement joint dysfunction lower back hips feel lady 'm early 20s 'm taking painkillers walk funny sitting moving long periods time sit stand desk work potentially arrange exercise yoga lunch work don 't haven 't started boss healthy weight enjoy activities question career wise stay healthy ? thinking marketing engineering software development mixed customer interfacing 'm early career switch power field engineer op college 'm worried days times 'll working desk long periods technician fab ? pay 'd moving ? basically engineering jobs don 't require lot movement 'm find job physical problem 't stand office day drives crazy company wonderful tl dr developed aggravated back hip problems 've started working engineering desk job software company engineering jobs moving staying healthy ? find exercising lunch stretching day ? 

'm reading section fluid dynamics spotted wrong equations 13 pages equation flow venturi meter page 6 9 area multiplied square root dividing units equation 6 55 don 't 's supposed length 1 6 manning equation derived 6 54 6 55 [wikipe https en wikipedia org wiki manning formula dimensional analysis 1 3 
've pro creo found cumbersome mastered solidworks thought golden company catia make transition ? find catia intuitive solidworks ? 
'm consistently asked interviews positions technical built rebuilt mechanically engineering position limited technical writing opportunities job development expand mechanical side maintenance companies hire people specific purposes company mechanical experience working quadcopters remote controlled airplanes college robotics high school felt stretch mention interview worked car occasions tire repair brake change oil change alternator change 's list resume suppose don 't feel degree aero isn 't practical experience rated degree 'm interns company interns students lot local university 's 'd told work machine shop work projects build things school opportunity 'm puzzled question job hands work tools equipment technicians 
engineering 's bi weekly career mega thread employers prospective employees post job offerings wanted ads network fellow engineers thread kinds jobs employer leave comment ready answer clarifying questions prospective employees job give description background expertise kind work sort thread find postings unanswered check forhire 
question forums structural engineer turned designer small business wondering electronic delivery method drawings clients preview drawings magnification window download payment made photography websites similar proof viewing methods curious construction documents 

preface 'm student 's learning matlab research capacity time final goal find calculate express real deflection point cantilever beam real deflection vertical displacement axial displacement input force simple force vector acting end 've alternative beam theories euler bernoulli theory timoshenko exact geometric theories differences equations timoschenko theory made sense find theory 180 page masters dissertation high level mathematics flew head 'm pretty lost direction ? transfer matlab ? appreciated advance 
build shock absorbing system quadcopter quadcopter huge 'll moving high speeds make landing smooth make quad bounce gonna land moving object 've conventional spring systems conventional systems case ? 
signal generator drive induction heater mosfet infz44n rated 55v 49 amps connect output signal generator gate source drain source high current high voltage switch amp ? work wanted check 
product designing basically sheave bracket mounted wooden pole http imgur sf2tpps png original design roller bearing sheave mounted 1 1 2 grade 8 bolt sheave wasn 't lubricated properly bearings ended corroding months sheave basically carved massive chunk bolt called crosby sheave lubricated shaft hardness hrc 58 bolt kind hardness shafts found don 't corrosion resistant outdoor corrosion resistant hardened steel shaft hardness hrc 58 higher ? ideas missing ? 
've researching prices 1.5 slot competitors mcmaster 0.51 inch https www mcmaster slotted framing 14wq4em 8020 0.45 inch https 8020 net shop 1515 ls html tnutz 0.35 inch http www tnutz product 1515 1 5 1 5 smooth lite slotted aluminum extrusion tslots faztek 0.33 inch http faz store myshopify collections 15 series products 15qe1515l 'm engineer engineering internal frame large cargo van turn grid camper van 've chosen 1.5 slotted aluminum framing strength lightness ease prototyping question 's experience stuff tnutz tslots compatible ? components 'd tnutz compatible 80 20 's systems compatible tslots hinges slides handles panels work ? 
class 8.8 bolt yield class 8.8 nut class 10.9 bolt yield class 8.8 nut design reason ? numbers sounds mixing 10.9 bolt 8.8 nut optimized cheapest alternative mixing ? data sources 10.9 http rocksideltd uk pdfs 24 grade 2010.9 20bolt 20 20nut 20 iso pdf 8.8 http rocksideltd uk pdfs 23 grade 208.8 20bolt 20 20nut 20 iso pdf 
's cellphone wanted add gps keeping mini scule size range ? chip added simple ? 
notes classes plan keeping books ? find stuff online free ? thought polymer manufacturing information hard find 


'm avoid reinventing wheel 'm stepping arduino realm 'm realising simple circuits things 555 timer control things 'm circuits accomplish dc dc conversions power controls triggering circuits fine engineers good links ? 
technical theoretical kinda 'skipped 'rushed studying regretted ? theoretical practical skill 'm graduate curious edit 't find proper tag 'm mods 
refreshing im preferably eurocode 2 rc foundation design books recommendations ? 
't afford adams msc 'm student anymore play 
'm welder build hydraulic power supplies built system failed spectacular fashion specced hydraulic solenoid check valves isolate hydraulic reservoir compressed nitrogen helium supply hydraulic side run 100 psi helium nitrogen 300 600 psi ran test system things system pressurized reservoir blowing doors making mess post failure started testing components individually hold nitrogen 200 psi component specced leak sourcing components work system end soft seal valves metal metal seals 'm curious folks experience 've built lot hydraulic systems couple pneumatic things air oil accumulators diaphragm pumps 've tie 
fellow engineers working project analyse design separate fine dust kind trash metal fabric hard rubber thing mind recycling centres machinery separate materials clothes paper glass hard humans separation top conveyor belts 's dangerous expecting people correct bin guess fir metallic parts magnets rest recycling materials ? enlighten procedures machinery separating materials ? 
engineering 's bi weekly career mega thread employers prospective employees post job offerings wanted ads network fellow engineers thread kinds jobs employer leave comment ready answer clarifying questions prospective employees job give description background expertise kind work sort thread find postings unanswered check forhire 
'm physicist wishing engineering computer science degree learn design process 3d print hobby find designing product extremely rewarding cad make functioning correctly aren 't aren 't designed bloody vague request pinpoint resources learning design things correctly ? 


've built mechanical decent dive ways construct auto dog fetch machine ? won 't rip dog 's ear investigates deeply godoggo excuse linking 'd assume detect ball present motor throw ball wheels grip ball bowl catch ball isolate moving parts adjustable arm angle throw adjust speed motor 140 ability work wood metal pre frab suggestions 
background factory level cnc machining 'm apprentice monitoring coolant concentration machines shop distribution system isn 't functioning expected works 's league cells nominal 5 whilst upwards 10 highest 13 question safe working ? report figures weekly management aware thing handling possibly dermatological problems 've problems bacterial growth coolant concentration indicator level growth possibly causing respiratory problems ? 
cubesat chassis step file vendor provided perform simulation 's held screws screws step file don 't features wondering include assembly eventually import ansys class fea beams large structures screws perform nut bolt simulation wasn 't 
[obligatory link twitter verify 're real deal https twitter altium status 788866120577081344 photo 1 reddit lawrence romine 'm engineer turned director development altium thursday october 27 4pm pacific standard time 'll hosting ama 'd love guys participate altium love 're pcb design software plenty room improvement engineer engineer heart passionate guys reason 'm ama opportunity talk software make bring questions comments suggestions ama week 'll talk pretty don 't hold back lawrence edit forgot mention 'll giving 12 month altium subscription free lucky commenter edit 2 chance questions 'll actual ama post 6 hours early won 't start answering questions 4pm spoke iama mods post deleted 'm start answering 30 minutes posting questions 're attend 'll answer post 
civil engineering ton references pulled regular basis company 're extensive library expect provide lot relevant codes updated years ibc asce 7,8,24 aci 318 aisc steel manual aashto bridge manuals nds navfac ada apa aisi nehrp reasonable amount budget purchasing relevant codes year personal references ? 
input appreciated 

building cooling system 8 electromagnetic coils copper coiling wrapped provide cooling offset angles plastic tubing hose clamps silicon seal leaks copper tubing 3 16 inch don 't care connect long connection leak advance 

engineering 's bi weekly advice mega thread prospective engineers questions university major selection career paths tips resumes 're student professional engineers advice leave comment engineers give feedback 're engineers sort thread questions people answered check engineeringstudents 
basically air pull tube venturi effect pressure relative atmosphere 
thread ? talking list types designs years overlooks hobbyist make stuff names type directory type stuff ? lets tripod stand extend lock legs type mechanism ? types hinges common design database ? types screws update solid resources appreciated 
mechanical engineering intern troubleshooting sorting machine tiny bracket manufacturing line install sensor warn line workers brackets original designer don 't put continuous supply brackets machine wouldn 't work imagine 10in 10in table 5 deg angle brackets slide stage height 2 inch put kind sensor height 1 inch sense level brackets open ideas laser sensor frequency sensor mind https imgur gallery ibpwd cheers 
encountered problems rigid diaphragms torsional irregularities due architectural constraints anytime design podium slab transfer slab rigid diaphragm end torsional irregularity issue times magnitude diaphragm deflection order 0.01 inches literally told structural design valid due extreme torsional irregularity 0.003 inch diaphragm deflection thought torsional irregularity matter structure rigid ? 'm curious experienced issue past plans examiner building offical party engineer review ? 
static generators charging conveyor belts industrial setting hold product belts things blow time rebuild voltage multiplier circuit bumps 120 vac 15 30k arc free air acrylic resin poured circuit project box degassed vacuum chamber remove bubbles don 't degas arc bubbles 've dozens home made vacuum chamber made ammo box goof dropped box won 't hold vacuum anymore bought chamber ebay hold full vacuum lot 've half dozen chamber haven 't issues odd bit guys left chamber weekend project boxes degassed left friday forgot remove clear glass friday bubbles pulled today box full bubbles resin hardened takes 48 hours harden degassed weekend 't figure gasses times constant reduced pressure bubbles trapped air ? theory pull vacuum degas components circuit large resisters caps multiplying circuit ? bubbles clustered resistors caps ideas ? 've 've good commercial chamber sit 70 hours vacuum bubbles ruin project arcing things full day assemble pour degas cure start scratch 

'm create vertical structural pipe hang 16 18lb light fixtures 4 4 schedule 40 steel pipes coupled create 16 pipe attached 40lb 2 'x2 base structurally sound ? apologies wrong place type question 
'm mechanical engineer find awesome programs make fast drawings 3d cads graphs implement documents latex doc 've found projects library https imgur bc3gq wanted programs drawings arrows graphs flow graphs kind program suggest 'll happy check fellow redditors bad formation 
hear salary negotiation stories advice successful negotiations past negotiation job offer negotiation raise feel free share mistakes made past 


[youtube https www youtube watch ? tfwcyhdawf0 [github https github kendricktan suiron 
basically 've pump wine filters company 's filtering 4 times sized filters 've nice code written find mass flows pressures losses whatnot inputs find life viscosity wine find people discussing texture flavor numbers love experiments place find numbers 'd awesome 

'm 1st year engineering student studying energy environmental engineering presentation system subsystem class class ticking boxes jumping hoops fairly simple examples ten minute presentation appreciated 

happened internship jet engine semester graduating aerospace degree offered full time job 8 months happened team lead position team 6 engineers quickly grew 14 scope work realized deadline established finished work time original underestimated budget surpassed bid work ended greater time charged good customer wrapped week ago today manger asked career goals considered management continued discuss year long mentor ship transition managements position sounds awesome opportunity huge step inexperienced fulfill company international outsource engineering firm work smallest offices feeling move entire career change thoughts ? don 't leaning 
mayby engine builder anw ser question mine serius question mayby big block mopar firing order 1 8 4 3 6 5 7 2 small block mopar la firing order 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 firing orders diffrent advantages disadvantages becuase hearing top fuel hemi dragsters mopar hemis firing order swap im wondering 
engineering ve question rockwell hardness testing equipment plastics lab work tester red black scales listed dial 1 16 ball diamond scale penetrators test plastics scale 1 4 penetrator purchase additional penetrators wondering scale penetrators machine ve research red scale machine wanted confirm 
internship central florida company problems hardware stored warehouses rusting putting hardware special bags prevent rust worked advice fix ? advance edit include info parts nuts bolts screws rods metal pieces coming shapes sizes facility climate controlled huge factor rust developing metalrustgaurd rust prevention bags seran wrap product bigger items items rusting wrapped put bag company hesitant sort inhibitors leave residues wiped part 


happen place time lucked job designing adapter system fit plug wall corporate customer figured made prototype adapter plate cosmetic cover plate cnc mill work 'm bill customer size outlet cover plate tap holes holes slot basic 1250 ? 
tons machine learning courses web enjoy lot found university level control theory find ? classical adaptive optimal control advance 

find audiobooks listen commute work add engineering related books rotation background mechanical engineering lot cad design work systems design book easily listen isn 't technical equations diagrams learn interesting engineering topics design everyday things upcycle sustainability designing abundance cradle cradle remaking make things love listed good options hear recommendations 
http imgur 5trqmjp transmitters control valves open 90 degrees 4 20ma recently 've noticed stations severe vibration tend snap standoffs hold circuit card 've thought rubber stand offs increase flexibility don 't affect current 've thought type bar sits standoffs hold 's flexible coupling middle 're redesigning circuit cards suggestions appreciated 
work proposal engineer responsible coming custom solutions customers proposal phase job basically area creative solutions win working proposal bidding multiple partners proposal win process discovered initial solution meet requirements needed revised found meeting partners worked solution works mistake group felt remain ethical inform partner problem question fixing ? remain fair ethical partner design influenced solution ? hoping sit partner solution asked solution send approve 
'm build tube driven home stereo attended institute audio research graduated 4.0 schooling based work studio live sound building audio circuits suggestions grip audio circuits ? specifically tube audio circuits resources ? websites ? practice ideas ? bless ya 


planning test csep certification http www incose org certification year joined incose latest systems engineering handbook study test purchased csep exam success sheet amazon studying material suggestions study pass test ? background working systems engineering 10 years pmp certification 
explain crack geometries determined components crack exist ? extremely interested fracture mechanics figure geometries determined field setting 
disclaimer don 't 's question shouldn 't folks worked patents 'd include type drawing view provisional utility patent application uspto 'm called treat device back cover components electronics inside exploded perspective view include orthogonal head view innards back shell 's exploded section view figure present ? include section break exploded drawing ? 's [example http imgur l3vylil png 'm talking wanted include head view open phone shown left ? 
write lot macro 's ended manning large team back good step step tutorials online recommend ? 
middle 5 day cem offered aee ciet canada exam couple days exam find ? recently graduated spring 'm finding fairly simple giving good broad overview building systems find savings 
inspector working local government personal car reimbursed mileage follow construction crew infrastructure work legally amber roof mounted hazard lights park street performing inspections legal parking spots readily ? 
http www japantimes jp news 2016 09 14 national japanese steel french nuclear facilities found high impurity level t1l arkhs apologies wrong couldn wondered disastrous 0.3 percent impurity nuclear reactor containment chamber allowed threshold 0.22 realistic terms decommission shut plant good reason french fine japanese manufacturer move la vw scandal 
'm game construction management structural simulation practicality fun suggestions ? factorio 
boss wondering program give strength sizes types threads similar [engrapps http www engrapps mechanical systems materials joints fasteners engineered threads thread design php shows results stub acme threads website program 
'm deciding topic research instances optimization hvac systems utilizing calculus variation piecewise weak form ? 
compact possibly make 20,000 hp diesel engine budget actual numbers 
found site gdandtbasics learning gd wondering experience good ? appreciated 
subreddit filled talent curious guys initial idea insides hoverboard scooters build rollerblade consideration kicking mechanic control build kick small motor spin wheels faster theory quicker startup speed 'm expanded idea concept guys solidify theory 


posted engineer boards starting year 'll pe long 've passed fe 've passed pe accumulated required professional experience apply licensure doesn 't apply surveying seismic portions civil pe pretty change people pe college waiting years http www bpelsg ca gov applicants application process 091216 pdf 
'm create pretty sturdy steel aluminum box 's mounted moving platform forces direction welding yield results bolting ? 

'm good website polymers mechanical properties hand direct ? suggestions greatly appreciated 
recommend couple books concepts read study bit engine design made feed curiosity 'm planning majoring mechanical engineering feet wet fine 
enquiring behalf brother recent chemical engineer graduate mcmaster university canada wished work process work ? require tn visa h1b ? apply receives offer employer ? employers typically open hiring canadian engineers ? advice helpful 
'm issues creating product client sells boxes facts acrylic 175 thick box 4.5 3 3 bending acrylic diy heated coil setup http imgur kjg9f issue http imgur 9qlgwor template http imgur muquoty product corner circles correctly diameters incorrect corner protrusions acrylic bending fine 's damn corners provide information photos trials engineers lend hand 
work issue parts made 673 manganese bronze customer required hardness required 70rb actual 66 rb 'm familiar process precipitation hardening parts lost hardness time ? sounds crazy figured checking familiar topic worthwhile 've personally heard thing deal nitriding 'm fairly uneducated topic parts certs january 2015 claiming hardness ranged 71 70 rb supplier mistake 


time memorable time passed project experienced engineer ? continue oversee ? 2 hires work projects coworker drowning work catch mes 1 2 years careers boss hired 2 guys college time 'm projects completely trust completing mention time train greater time 
projects experiments fun 
manufacturing professor today class plm product lifetime management big thing engineers careers dealing concept talked industry 4.0 basically era engineering 'm basically interested learn experience plm manufacturing changing industry ? 
rules 1 confinds city 2 build 14 storys high 3 population 
complicated models streets 
http www metalgeek static cope pcgi project 'm working calculate shape required tube cut order weld website basically 2d version 'm achieve don 't start maths thought understanding good starting point suggestions appreciated advance 
dont cwi weld inspection certification aws qualify asme weld inspection idea 3 people qc background engineering cwi career engineer qc work field engineering overlap qc missing ? ? chaired asme code sections publications contributor codes written design documents companies follow future designs published papers patents company work holds managed small teams 10 engineers including design engineers field engineers charge managing 10m total subcontracts single project written ran performance testing procedures hvac design fire protection system design multiple industrial commercial buildings sized welds design drawings designed pressure vessels rotating equipment piping process systems including pipe line sizing pipe stress analysis material selection equipment sizing equipment selection control philosophy permissives dont cwi 3 people expressed makes possibly missing dont engineering scenes dont engineer helped qc background engineering similar qc cwi helped ? im complete loss 
homemade board run lights stage foot drum works routing [this type https www amazon nte electronics 54 660 pushbutton actuator dp b00byeapk6 switch extension cord lamps normal bulbs stage stomp turn turn 4 switches 4 types lights 'd game 've heard making switches power ran 'm start idea switches turn source strobe light hit switch acts kill switch turn stage lights turn strobe puts power back initially killed make sense ? advance 
've impregnated parts calibrated orifices test validity leak test station part calibrated upper spec limit lower spec limit problem 'm cycle time test 6 seconds time orifice calibrated 24 sccm reads 22 takes extra 40 seconds reach 24 sccm 're asked tighten tolerance increase cycle time affects throughput increases nrft due nature part leaking single hole pressure 0.355 bar reached testing leak rate wondering results expect 4 orifices calibrated leakage rate 6 sccm totaling 24 testing behave flow normalize quicker ? 
wondering easier find screws supplier trawling drawing spec search 

'm sophomore engineering student make decision path passion goals centered working theme park engineering theme park attractions ride shows isn 't sticks focus knowledge mechanical design ride control systems audio visual systems degree knowledgeable arm ee ? careers posted disney universal theme park companies ees sprinkled electrical engineering theme parks completed companies 's primary focus themed entertainment theme parks reason engineering 's industry working future give insight prospects degrees field ? 

ive alternatives driveshaft vehicles stumbled hydraulic drive alternative driveshaft converting electric motors ? 
relationship electrical frequency hp motor rpm varying hz vfd ? hp linearly decrease rpm decreasing hz ? 
https www youtube watch ? rr0vwvcc7e0 list llpqzallezbnuiz8mcr9qmza index 6 description video moment bombing doghmosh family 's house missile israeli drone f16 missiles separated duration 5 minutes building collapse smooth uniform missile hitting top missile hitting base ? 't information construction building 's assume 's columns thin made concrete 
assembly countersink fasteners requiere tighter tolerances ? regular hex bolt oversize hole unthreaded aligns threaded hole set maximum material condition tolerance ensure works everytime countersink fasteners hole chamfers countersink angles oversizing untapped hole angles fastener untapped holes match 
reddit friends working building [3d printer class project http imgur jsq1k 're debating building transfer function cam belt print head image system [http imgur jsq1k http imgur jsq1k ideas contribute calculate torques super appreciated 
hoping perspective works industry cmpen 111 seminar instructors dedicating research volatile memory energy harvesting technologies talk excited manner deliberate careful speech careful working areas close breakthrough ? 
suppliers lunch intention wining dining 'm interested comfortable lunch people barely sell 's good simply dodging time 'm busy office ? tactfully decline request meet appears reason ? 


compression ratio stage stage ? stage compression ? starting 1.6 compression 1st stage ending 1.15 final stage analyze f100 engine class compression ratio stage stage ratio order find data post suited engineeringstudents askengineers 
fan 6 inches diameter making move air outwards basically don 't care require ultra expensive devices specialist fuels nuclear energy acceptable hypothetical existing technology long basis reality details weigh 35 pounds fine run short time periods 5 100 oops things doesn 't necessarily fan attributes couldn 't nuke hurt 's rear small scuffing acceptable wear protective suit injured acceptable 
'm taking pe exam april 'm reference manual latest edition 15th 2015 older 14th edition 2014 ? worth online supplemental material buy version 
im science project wanted led uvc light kills germs wondering fits bill https www alibaba trade search ? fsb indexarea product en catid searchtext uvc +led +diode attach kill bacterica show dead 
generally talking concepts future technology neccesary 'm imagine sphere wheel vehicle move directions wheels inside skirt increase protection practical ? weight pressure issue 8 big wheels ? materials metal rubber ? hovertank ? kind engine technology produce enormous energy amount lift tank mbts simply time waiting replace idea guide learn feel free answer 
recently talked recruiter intel job process engineer phd graduates told website packaging jobs packaging engineering ? packaging engineers ? simple designing package protect product logistics shipping product ? 

process software ? 4 axis 5 reduce amount fixtures 4 fixtures machining feeling 5 axis reduces fixtures 1 2 5 axis cnc 
wondering guys thought union engineers ? majority paid benefits ins fact remains paid salary employee company release don 't overtime don 't reassuring union support case projects plan eng turning easy scapegoat 'm surprised isn 't union thoughts ?? 
've junior engineer 'm managing 's sharp disorganised 's putting lot hours meet deadlines shouldn 't needing drawing plan update fails bit pulls date air shrugs missed time copy project plan schedule recreate claims prefers trackers understand 's disorganised desk full crap start ? 
assistance current project 'm working main point post lcd basic background information makeshift slm spatial light modulator impose diffraction pattern shine laser beam diffracted donut shape sted microscopy basic premise don 't familiar slm matlab code creates diffraction pattern based resolution turn create donut shaped beam ionization laser hits diffraction pattern makeshift slm built group projector steps research paper projector slm run code computer generate diffraction patter video cable display image pc screen lcd shine laser lcd order create donut shaped beam apply beam diamond sample run groups experiment 'm stuck knowing image computer cable causing lcd align simulate diffraction pattern 've low powered laser shine lcd crystals change matter image display computer basically effectively test reflective lcd 's display image pc polarize laser hits lcd ? powerful laser ? stuck moment appreciated information reflective lcd provide pictures setup 
worked test engineer back university final year entry beng hons mechanical engineering guys portfolios cater portfolio specific job role applying applying design engineering role make portfolio including design work good idea show university work future employer ? 
cantilever beam geometrical shape ? beam triangle square aiming efficient shape highest strength weight ratio opinions ? guidance greatly appreciated 



today friend mine involved hit run car rolled lanes traffic stopping upside emts expected pull corpse vehicle alive released hospital day engineers design vehicle sustain level violence leave friend unharmed 'all saved life today 
'm mechanical engineering student understand idea pid control perform root locus analysis 'v taught proper implementation full making herms system homebrew heater control failed repairing opened decided 'd mess thermocouple arduino pid code problem idea circuitry ends achieve results don 't drop cash handling 120 volts isn 't cheap 'd advice 'all offer 
shitpost 's 'm curious engineers engineering students cheme meche answer question asked 
've video point thick flat disk metal inside cylindrical cavity hydraulic ram gap sides ram cylinder wall ram presses metal force metal behaves clay fills gap cylinder ram removed blank puck metal formed cup shaped object process called ? importantly work aluminum ? 
estimate wind lift force tarp covering ground tie sand bag weigh design ? estimates rooftop number sandbags ridiculous loading square foot acre tarps ? tarps cover piles fill landfills whatnot surely standard exists ? 
3 4 steel thread hold screw properly ? 



[mit radar http ocw mit resources res ll 003 build small radar system capable sensing range doppler synthetic aperture radar imaging january iap 2011 friend material science students enrolled module uni building similar mit open keen interest improving world 't radars campus decent amount combined experience web ios app arduino development 3d printing modelling intending document project share possibly make progress suggestions applications sar range speed tracking campus possibly suggestions improving accuracy resolution 'd radar happy 
wanted start electrical engineering project grips build electrical engineering recommend start 
'm designing parkuor gym ground part 'm tackling make easily rapidly changeable 've 3 ideas easiest make damn heavy pneumatics raise main piece casters wheel build main pieces lay grid bolt holes floor design bolt floor realistic install rail system floor larger obstacles secured moved smaller pieces rails large obstacles anchor points 'm kind spit balling ideas enjoy thoughts revisions completely knew ideas 
's system pipe sitting vertically fluid dense fluid inside pipe pipe open air top remove fluid inside pipe energy input type check valve valve remove fluid completely ? significant back pressure hydrostatic pressure bottom pipe valve overcome design ? thoughts recommendations greatly appreciated 
thought experiment build engine sodium water power generation ? 's 's solar power pure sodium back pure sodium back reacted waste flaws concept building completely green mechanical electric car ? 

interesting browse daily rarely mention tubular based engineering 
recently nc passed hb 742 basically removes requirement waiting 4 years sit pe exam required 4 years experience license sit exam effect spring 2017 feel advantage opportunity sit graduated 2014 alma mater offers review pe exam consists 22 lectures week 's 745 don 't doubt great quality sticker shocked curious paid typical link describing law http www ncbels org read board news click link read 'm states adapt 

opinion coolest intresting industries work ? give company 
graduate semesters bachelors electrical engineering wondering makes engineer friends physics degrees work engineers pass pe exam officially call engineer pass work engineer ? 
dear reddit 've stupidly decided break water based record furthest distance travelled 24 hours pedal power 're designing ultra low drag catamaran hulls high performance custom made propellers carbon space deck hold 've launched crowd funder tea cheap materials http www crowdfunder uk triton wondering good folk spare price beer ? answer questions night link dorky video cheers britain 
commute shipping lane routinely big trucks undamped rear axles don 't 'm missing straight frame shocks sort trucks bouncing motherfucker 
recently found technology podcasts good listen expand knowledge big picture feel cosmology medicine breakthroughs interest point direction find coverage mechanical material engineering ? 

lab funds procure thermal camera 10,000 cost figure flir model research 1 flim insects lab experiments surface temperature 2 images inside storm drains irrigation pipes visualize water temperatures wall surface temps temperature gradients experienced structures analyze image stills videos exact temperatures support software find temperature recorded video decent degree resolution nice animals half inch length guys recommend camera ? don 't 60 fps video kind video nice 
engineering 's bi weekly career mega thread employers prospective employees post job offerings wanted ads network fellow engineers thread kinds jobs employer leave comment ready answer clarifying questions prospective employees job give description background expertise kind work sort thread find postings unanswered check forhire 
working project involving designing recoil spring coil diameter 10.2 mm wire diameter 1.25 mm initially solid core wire failed due inadequate tensile strength dimensions altered 5mm sufficient professor suggested braided wire solid core wire considered 6x7 wire rope big googling found recoil springs braided wires 3 strands 3x strength individual wires searched including handbooks reference books established relations formulae strands tensile strength helpful give insight 
place post future engineer knowing engineers typically great ideas inventions hope answers idea project knowledge funds team people fields engineering electrical aerospace bit computer software personally headed mechanical field basically wondering funded project accomplish possibly profit experience turning idea reality business ? broad 'm sharing ideas interwebs guess mention 'm midwest tl dr gain capital team make idea reality ? 
'm taking part design competition schooling don 't air pollution classes stack exhausting 4000 scfm chromium compounds nickel compounds 'm find control technologies pass standards wet scrubbers mesh pad eliminators work cost estimates luck appreciated 
've make ring hardened steel bolt cast 's steel 's sentimental bolt stumbled videos youtube gallium turning aluminum brittle steel wanted chemical acids eat steel turn fine powder 'm melt steel point turn fine powder chemical means ? 
engineering working design engineer automotive europe roughly 3.5 years move field main concern mine related work culture wrong perception work family balance good work overtime annual vacations salary good views contrary experience depending company greatly interested views engineers chance work europe work culture experience ? 

recommendations pressure gauge option data logging ? accompanying software showed data real time tech support companies aren 't helpful 'm turning reddit priced 1k 
started school highschool teachers told lawyer finding prove wrong chose college engineering enrolled im hearing engineers real argumentative people experience true ? 
engineering 's bi weekly advice mega thread prospective engineers questions university major selection career paths tips resumes 're student professional engineers advice leave comment engineers give feedback 're engineers sort thread questions people answered check engineeringstudents 




person informed cars cars engines heading couple years 10 20 years ? 

'm senior school 's biomedical engineering program 'm planning industry graduate job apps company proficient coding language 's python school java classes 'm taking intro year 'd background coding work industry aren 't comp sci engineer language ? advance 
small engineering consulting business years long talk friend opening firm decided prefers stay larger company takes freedom factors play main doesn 't deal marketing side things curious hear explored process exploring opportunity opening consulting business made decide blockages making path ? 

'm working project related gears needed calculation formulas basic geometry nomenclature order refresh memory 've found approaches gear calculation parameters calculated differently giving results wanted book webpage find standarized calculate gears parameters questions related gear diameters pitch dia root helical gears spur gears ? order calculate diameters normal transverse module ? advance 'd info give 
article world flat pack truck ox global vehicle trust gvt recently unveiled london promises low cost answer challenges transportation developing nations ox designed enable true terrain mobility dizzying price tag suited regular transportation disaster recovery truck packs flat shipping stacked drop shipped world feature translate life changing life saving transportation areas roads [able put 12 hours 3 technical people full article http inhabitat worlds flat pack truck folds faster cheaper dispatch developing nations 

'm freshman psu evan pugh professor dr jane irwin cpmen seminar class talked nyc 's decaying sewer water supply infrastructure renovation psu construction workers found full tree trunks underground hollowed center acting conduit infrastructure lines laughed bc thought joking common technique back day ? 

volunteering engineers boarders typically conversation organizations ? specifically mechanical engineering student interest biomedical engineering 
internship asked hand calculate moment mass center pendulum build interview solidworks solid works results couldn 't figure hand calculate sadly ideas ? http imgur knpl8 
'm printing deformable clamp clasp semi circle wraps shower head pipe good rule thumb complete semi circle find balance plastic breaking sufficient holding power tube ? insight optimal clasp thickness ? made quick sketch cross section showing 'm talking cross hatched area 3d printed clasp http imgur xkavd standard shower head pipe 1 2 npt helps experience feedback appreciated 
time subreddit hoping give advice simplify design automatically opens garbage 's flap attached basic schematics give idea 'm thinking give thoughts mind budget 100 including garbage flap open quickly spring 's 's complicated simple linear actuator single responses http imgur ulhat 

taking fe electrical computer 2 weeks 've read entire lindeberg book diagnostic exam 'm planning ncees practice exam saturday meantime additional problems site good problems free possibly examples specific section ? additional advice passing taking exam ? 've studying 2 months 't wait pass thing 
active noise cancelling headphones 're pretty cool 've noticed cancel constant humming air conditioner fridge don 't cancel white noise ? understand basics playing opposite sound waves cancel white noise sporadic headphones play opposite sound wave ? 


subjectively hefty cool feeling great technically thermal conductivity beneficial heat dissipation plastic parts replaced metal fanless passively cooled laptop designed possibly larger material costs relevant compared total cost devices issue mind electromagnetic properties alloy put wifi bluetooth antennae small plastic part chassis real problem necessarily 
advice network city don 't connections graduated top 25 public university good engineering program degree great state engineering school state recruited heavily graduated moved miami florida wife attend graduate school basically means connection school job searching pretty applying online hoping call interview 's frustrating process control improving resume worth build network lead job prospects meeting talking local engineers ? experienced similar situation advice awesome 
wondering give opinion team ees convert manual cart automated cart trouble calculating initial torque required move depending wildly number ha 15,000 lb 200,000 lb cart loaded max 65 tons sitting train wheel axels wheel diameter 22 axel 6 axels approx 220 wheels approx 55 axel info appreciated questions 

recently accepted offer work entry level structural engineer power company recently charged public intoxication graduating arrested intoxicated arrested safety filled application checked box stating give conduct background check charge pending record state record application state give conduct background check honest asked don 't conducted background check situation ? advice helps made mistake friends night regret lot hope work company 
grown tired manually locking bike time making electromagnetic lock thinking raspberry pi control current release lock wondering guys suggests post subreddit guys nice day 
based research 've conducted issue sources mainstream media appears pipeline cross native americans land traverse find hard considers sophisticated pipeline safe method oil transport train truck traveling river wv oil spill 2014 people typically work large projects government corporate funding final delivered product parties ? 
recently started work project include ultrasonic welding portion welding pieces plastic materials geometries decided information quality weld receive horn frequencies materials staking geometries ? 't find standards information 
calculate torsional stiffness structure applying torque kn deg related changing global coordinate system customized type cylindrical ? 
edit answers talking roommate reading responses realized fault thinking makes sense askscience answered reading fact flow choked exit nozzle ambient tank pressure high 165 psi [from article http www engapplets vt fluids cdnozzle cdinfo html paragraph show graph flow rate drop ambient pressure exit nozzle reversed ? question held pressure tank constant changed pressure tank graph accurate ? confused topics shock wave nozzle throat move back ? shock wave doesn 't move increased mass flow rate due higher chamber pressure ? reason confusion equation wikipedia mass flowrate choked flow [choked flow wiki https en wikipedia org wiki choked flow project background design nozzle showing younger kids middle school high school super sonic flow compressor 165 psi design nozzle 165 psi test short air quickly imagine nozzle fairly large thought design nozzle lower pressure flow longer time effects schlieren imaging set thoughts ? studied aerospace engineering school fluid dynamics class googling skills failed 
engineer experience helical piles helical pile contractor ontario canada ontario eng ideal deal breaker pm interested 
'm design small backpacking wood stove brush skills bit learn analytical approach base design purely data aesthetics simulating wood fire inside 3d stove model made inventor solidworks ptc creo effects designs affect airflow thermal distribution metal heat distribution top cooking heat stress stove piece software specific type application variety simulations required ansys solidworks ? pieces software past don 't recall cfd studies specific fire ansys wonders liquid gases 't grasp relate steady state simulation organically fire fire simulated realistically approximation sphere heating emitting hot gases idea ? 
project 'm working create system dissipate odor industrial building required deliver preliminary cost analysis alternatives solve problem question estimate installation cost based cost installed ? don 't fancy super detailed rule thumb great responses 
standard 52 card deck playing cards produced uspcc made cardboard card stock treatment cards surface linen finishing air cushion finishing handling easily susceptible moisture eventually ends clumping finish surface disappears economically manufacture playing cards impervious effect moisture retain qualities attributes newly printed deck playing cards possess smooth fans springs ? 
'm working 3 floor elevator arduino uno step motor components idea simple 3 floors 3 switches switch floor 'm 3 ldrs sensors floor don 't 's ? dont put resistors switch ldr info 
'm hire started working power industry months ago college found semiconductors analog electronics interesting find job fields offer day work semiconductors electronics move state aren 't jobs state residence moving easier year difficult switch power semiconductors ? don 't pigeonhole power 

guys principle ikea olov leg extended secured turning leg explain mechanism involved potentially sketch link leg http ebayimg images tuaaoswajvurup9 l640 jpg 
question related pipe flow specific air apply fluids water job design manufacture machines blower unit pushes air pipe eventually end pipe atmosphere velocity put air coming fast end pipe apparently solution stick orifice plate pipe directly blower reduces final velocity air coming pipe end confused engineering studies learned orifice plate reduces pressure flow fact bernoullis law shouldn 't pushing air orifice smaller diameter pipe increase flow velocity similar venturi ? orifice plate reduce flow rate fact difference air pressure drives flow drop air pressure orifice plate smaller difference pressure lower flow rate ? guess thought sending air larger diameter smaller diameter increases flow bernoullies law venturi orifice plate reduce flow ? time 
specific failures engineers worked chernobyl contribute failure ? daunting engineering errors catastrophic effect 
engineering ethics posts monthly basis leads question ceos executives technical people understand tough spots engineers put ? explain ? good video ? presentation ? paper ? make ? goal post engineers ways communicating challenges engineer talking salesperson today didn 't understand subject engineering ethics happy discussing 'll add thoughts bit tonight organize thoughts commute home 
'm final year engineering student branch electronics communications final year project group decided make aforementioned system image processing speed limit sign road speed 's dynamically feed car 's ecu raw data calculate required fuel intake desired speed guy hill press pedal harder reach limit hes hill quickly attain speed limit parenthesis ecu worry speed limit hold fuel intake level reaches desired set speed limit ? basically ecu monitor speed match image processed data normal intake till speed limit reached hold fuel intake level speed limit driver presses accelerator harder 've read bit obd protocols afaik extracting data ecu send ecu ? obd connector cars work ? send speed limit data cam image processor rpi ecu obd ? 've heard ecu lots stuff intelligent fuel air management restrict fuel intake ? reading edit aiming cars cruise control low budget hatchbacks vw polo hyundai santro 
'm electropolish stainless steel results satisfactory outcome duller expected current setup 40 sulphuric acid 40 phosphoric acid rest water cathode copper slightly larger surface area stainless part 'm electropolishing couple questions firstly acid solution potentially causing part dull ? change amounts acid ? heat electrolyte 70 understand problem ? lastly initially welding machine give variable current success started 80 amp hr battery moderate success parts polished expected 'm wrong ? greatly appreciated 

'm build [pin hole camera https en wikipedia org wiki pinhole camera standard long exposures small hole larger hole order freeze motion shutter open 1 30th 'm enjoy problem close 1 30th consistency important reproduce action accurately order properly exposed picture 'm cheap access machine shop design 're pretty work 
working pv plan remote island cabin island effectively solid block canadian granite snow considerations pretty dictate pole mounted system scale system 8 diameter options ? drill chip hole set pipe fill rockite ? case deep answer setting normal soil ? anchor base rock surface add beefy diagonal braces ? ? 
lets body water top hill small dam connected pipe driving water wheel bottom water leaving drive ram pump bottom recollect water top hill refresh pool repeating cycle ? break point refresh rate wouldn 't match extend running time ? pressure work wheel 
curious ultimately vehicle related designs 


stirling engines interest thermodynamics involved neat process nerd showing lol 'm compile random information good reference material designs personal experience building guys great advanced 
graduated 2 years ago design job heavy equipment 'm expert lot problem solving troubleshooting empty guesswork root problem 's 're slapping stuff based guesses speculation hoping works scratching heads doesn 't understand business reasons diving deep end highly technical analysis extremely detailed design lot stuff engineering scientific approach shit ton hydraulics problems understand limited understanding hydraulics bit black magic begin understand issues theoretical level makes sense lot boil treating symptoms lot bandaid fixes bandaid fixes 'll slap rework hydraulics problem seemingly fixes issue understands fixed issue discover 's causing problem 6 months throw shit wall sticks engineering runs management marketing claiming solved issue testing joke 'll collect bunch borderline useless data people don 't 's test sake tested times 'll admit time 's checking box list lot chalked company politics culture aka push shit door fast individual level people aren 't concerned problems solutions switching valve magically made problem ? alright 's slap machines call understand real life issues neat tidy homework problem 'm wondering mentality question 'm learning good habits 'd based 've sort mentality ? 
'm attempting build https www reddit engineering comments 5f74r8 create intersected conical copper coils comments straighten roll copper wire anneal wrap cone shape step straighten 50 foot bare copper wire home depot wire straightener tool straighten http www instructables id wire straightenner made techshop 
engineers company recently sort request automotive company build plant 've asked information gather questions order understand back proper plan design build facility modify existing facility 've school 3 months degree tasked gathering information feel pretty depth 'm information point direction find clarification 'll answer questions tk 
thinking designing large steel boat absolute bottom mountain terms knowledge boating couldn 't haha good sources learn ideas 
long story short screwed line project 's noise play rotations system 's satellite tracking dish bobs degree stationary 's approach ? 've thought rotational dampers 

https www google ca search ? spark +gap +tesla +coil +diagram tbm isch imgil h92nlow0ytgmlm 253 253 bs3rs hxwsm5jvm 253 bhttps 25253 25252 25252 fcommons wikimedia org 25252 fwiki 25252 ffile 25253 atesla coil 4 svg source iu pf fir h92nlow0ytgmlm 253 252 cs3rs hxwsm5jvm 252 usg vuemi0qfqvkgqxe18afwh1gjw5a 3d biw 1745 bih 885 ved 0ahukewjc7rk499jqahvr34mkhw7edvyqyjcinq ei cjrdwnztmou jwtuilewbq imgrc h92nlow0ytgmlm 3a electricity pass spark gap pathway ? wired confusing 
edit failed point application case relevant make super cheap faraday cages application neuroscience research labs sturdy decent matte black pcbs cost concerned couple hundred cage solid copper box bit ideally easier assemble copper mesh cube end goal commercial 'm brainstorming prototyping end edit make multiple attached faraday cages dimensions 12 21 33 don 't deal stringing copper mesh frame shit takes forever doesn 't great 's good chance 'll building lot 'm thinking large matte black pcbs walls bolted makerbeam rails 'd provide shielding rigidity leaving edges raw copper taping copper tape ensure grounding reasonable design holes bolts fab sizing standardized dumb idea ? 's costly 't alternative serve purpose conductive panels don 't ? 
nimitz class navy nuclear powered aircraft carrier weighs 100,000 metric tonnes travel 30 knots 35 mph 's full power output 260,000 shaft horsepower 194 megawatts ship speed decent fact faster ships slower common car takes week cross atlantic ocean question assuming ship 's hull stress increased speed compact power plant created ship power increase ship 's speed 60 knots 70 mph formula graph calculate effects increased water resistance power required technologies increase ship 's speed 70 mph 200 mph sounds ridiculous 't impossible 
good luck mass acceleration 
'm build math model uav project 'm working thrust propellers direct mathematical relationship respect angular speed torque motors put variables point back emf voltage angular velocity motor voltage armature resistance motor torque proportionality constant propeller diameters 'm persuasion 's mathematical relationship things order work prop thrust appreciated including pointers relevant sources textbooks 's number years 've propeller theory 'm rusty edit realised put wrong flair fixed 

'm upgrade motor lathe larger option control speed motor picked [here https www amazon motor 1725 rpm 208 230 460 vac inverter dp b007ivs1fa ref sr 1 15 ? a22twtervpmk3w merchant items utf8 qid 1479046005 sr 1 15 vfd picked [here https www amazon konmison inverter variable frequency spindle dp b015gymlh4 ref pd sbs 328 3 ? encoding utf8 psc 1 refrid bg5fawv5n7zev1z53994 questions 1 units work ? 2 overboard 3hp vfd 2hp motor ? 3 setup motor running 300 rpm ? stepped pulleys ? 1 1 pulley single pulley set work 4 hp torque loss lower speeds ? 120 input atm 
lot hate fab shop engineers basically sentiment needed job design jobs ? 
laptop work rmbp travel watch movies fun stuff windows pc thinking buying lenovo thinkpad p50 xeon processor cad drawings 3d rendering office work looked dell p50 choice screen fullhd 4k 4k nicer reduce performance ? occasionally play games low spec call duty type games don 't require powerful computer lenovo good option recommend ? 

interested attaching kind sprocket 3 emt conduit 3.5 outer diameter finding bore socket 3.5 diameter cost great alternatives cheaper idea circular blade machine bore 3.5 center circular blade im wondering make roller chains attach circular blade ? don 't suggest alternative ways spin emt conduit ? goal spin conduit kind roller chain suggestions ? 
'm software cheap free fairly basic pipe system calculations 'm tired excel 
recently nuked small gearbox work day thankfully replacement manufacturer asap concern pinion gearbox shrunk fit shaft heated expand dropped remove pinion long lead time item ? pinion pretty small 30mm diameter heat pinion expand wont heat shaft ? 
tesla maxwell watt volta alive respected field study inventions people ? 

engineering 's bi weekly career mega thread employers prospective employees post job offerings wanted ads network fellow engineers thread kinds jobs employer leave comment ready answer clarifying questions prospective employees job give description background expertise kind work sort thread find postings unanswered check forhire 
stormwater management professionals swmm modeling tool opinions ? considered reliably accurate ? fairly widely field ? 'm part research project specifically taking advantage 's easy ability incorporate lid design wondering 's considered adequate industry 's widely academia 
hey guys senior project group working project involving rocket control attitude control vernier thrusters specifically rocket reusability wondering information industry spacex 's falcon 9 understand basics thought cool compare understanding real world assume specific information proprietary resources awesome 

've basics kind give title sum ? 2 3 titles ? 
mechies registered exam principles practice mechanical engineering york state end october 2016 prepping pe practice exam provided ncees curious guys reference materials purchased brought exam open book books recommend essentials reference material covered pe exam absolutely bring testing center test day ? cost factor 
'm taking initial engineering class introductory engineering 's pretty vague class meant basic understanding engineering broad fields lot formula work problems basic stuff guess things force formulas fast object stop ramp 30 degrees amount force isn 't basic physics trig 'm taking trig haven 't physics im bit trouble figuring text book isn 't helpful talked professor class explains sit homework 'm woah ?? notes information supplemental material explain problems anywho wondering recommendations textbooks link website helpful learning formulas lot 
imperfect english work mechanical designer professional training contract beginner company offering engineering studies automotive industry topology optimization technique early design process generate shapes forms components designs topology optimization softwares hyperworks optistruct solidthinking inspire tosca structure requires defining design space loads boundary conditions optimization problem determine design space start easier topology optimization designing product geometry past product designed removing features building envelope past product design space start blank page designing totally innovative mechanical component question estimate good preliminary rough design space ? question clearer examples 's design structural part internal combustion engine determine envelope maximum space volume part designing methodology start large volume subtract volume surrounding components design car structure methodology determine envelope structure optimize start styling envelope exterior volume car subtract volume component car volumes volume occupants volume trunk styling envelope obtained structure envelope define design design space interfaces attachment points previous examples gave lot information volume system volume components design easily create model select design design space bit 's design innovative mechanism standard components bodies start preliminary design process defining topology mechanism draw kinematic diagram called kinematic scheme skeleton diagram step give preliminary rough shape body embodiment design topology optimization find optimal final geometry finding preliminary rough shape obvious shape chosen carefully avoid missing good alternative structural concepts methodology moment trial error systematic methodology find answer question understand traditional embodiment design phase preliminary design phase mechanical design process writing today hoping give advices references book publications lines thought studies found practical learning materials methodologies guidelines preliminary design process assembly part level structures mechanisms methodologies guidelines configuration design shape form design configuration design synthesis architecture mechanical product structure mechanism arrangement individual components determination interfaces decide interface ? interfaces ? ? preliminary sizing connections ? space allocation volume envelope component weight allocation understanding system engineers architects allocate space mechanical part lot determining preliminary design space shape form design determining rough preliminary geometry topology synthesis mechanical part expected loads requirements functional interfaces didn topology optimization technique ? david ullman book mechanical design process interesting breakdown form generation process part embodiment design understanding constraints developing configuration connections components long time case study present design mechanical system preliminary hand sketches final design showing iterations details digital mock cad models final models instructive understand mechanical design process studied systems engineering don understand stops systems engineering process engine system level component level mechanical component system ? methodologies methods processes guidelines called mechanical mechatronical systems engineering functional analysis widely taught mechanical design courses france big gap functional analysis functional architecture mechanical architecture write methodologies guidelines address issue ? lack insight hindsight subjects hope questions comprehensible short list learning materials subject mechanical design process book david ullman interesting chapter form generation succinct pity rare texts dealing subject systematic design famous engineering design systematic approach book pahl beitz interesting deals preliminary design steps briefly rules principles guidelines opinion detailed procedure methodology preliminary design phase mechanical design machine elements machines failure prevention perspective book jack collins chapter basic principles guidelines creating shape size read partially google books [link correct chapter https books google fr books ? id 909 5c4eyukc pg pa306 dq basic +principles +and +guidelines +for +creating +shape +and +size hl fr sa ved 0ahukewi44ixfldxnahucfxokhvv8axwq6aeiitaa onepage basic 20principles 20and 20guidelines 20for 20creating 20shape 20and 20size false interesting list advices methodology advance florent 

'm college freshman 'm ideas side projects occupy time playing video games day 'm mechanical aerospace engineering dabble electrical engineering year build led lightsaber soldering led switch battery circuit inside metal hilt bought built desktop computer 's project ideas ? preferably things practical things good resume applications nice 
advantages strategy compering torque limit ? told helps control clamp load axial force fastener joint honest ? tightening strategy work constant clam load ? [edit answers folks question raised mind 've spread coefficient friction coating spec calculations shows drive clamp load high wondering method torque angle provide load controlled tightening method guarantee constant load bolt ? check clamp load ? 
recommendation bad cheap lab psu ? requirements control voltage 0 30v control max current 0 5a current limit doesn 't cut power limit exceeded separate voltage outputs nice burn house suggestions ? 
'm writing small report qualification test satellites method qualify satellite withstand longitudinal acceleration thrust axis launch vehicle ? sled ? 
sitting car day silence traffic midst navigating brain 's infinitesimal amount disorganized thoughts reflecting passages book thing lead asked create dark emitting diode don 't physics wouldn 't neat ? conclusion dark emitting diode inverse light emitting diode absorb light emit naturally power variance dark output diodic behavior measured 1 ? 'm brightest person didn 't share 'm hoping read inspired ? don 't stays brain thought vain sort behavior current state electrical physics knowledge ? 'd read feel free explain 'm smartest person interests advance 
wine filtration sheets essentually 37 spots put filters 4 types 20 type parallel 10 type parallel 4 parallel 3 parallel [here 's sheets http www gwkent media pdf product 3626 pall filter sheet pdf eks ks80 k300 k700 're find resistance sheets basically run electrical equation optimize combinations figure total pressure drop assumption resistance won 't change matter liquid shove figure resistance resistor doesn 't change voltage amps ? guess 've run type electricity resistor wouldn 't make assumption ? assume resistance matter ? delp mu velocity found water assume run delp wine mu wine volumetric flow rate area sheet 
gems hard bittle concrete pretty brittle cheaper day make gems things sapphire windows screens popular saphires similar building material future ? cost difficulty work main deterrence ? 
http www icitwintersummit org 

designing replacement pulley eaton m45 supercharger struggling work size hole pulley interference fit supercharger shaft pulley press fit mild steel collar pulley 30mm shaft supercharger 0.785 19.939 mm hope 've scratching head weekend edit excuse capitalised title shown title case typing hasn 't transferred submitted title 

https play google store apps details ? id uk powdertoy tpt android port pc application 's physics modeling sandbox play train completely free dev doesn 't accept donations lost don 't powder toy free physics sandbox game simulates air pressure velocity heat gravity countless number interactions substances 
https www youtube watch ? ze7qwxx05t0 
'm working construction company bidding tender building seawater outflow pit problem cut steel pipe sheet pile inside pathway outflow pit reach dump sea diameter pipe 508 mm 20in 's resort send inside pipe cut inside dont 's 
math teacher woodworking experience make geometric construction video top [this page http beachpackagingdesign boxvox haberdashers package hinges called buy ? 
book story numerous companies individuals working railroad engineering industry personally found book captivating protagonists book work hard excel work extremely motivating found inspirational books 've read related engineering 
university education mechanical engineering circuit analysis software linux os computers wondering additionally wanted reason popular browsing software correlation realize 
've run couple situations continuous air release valve true siphon pipeline section operating negative pressure situations flow scavenge air pockets froude 0.3 main problem lose capacity time due air coming solution forming bubble high spots makes reprime siphon easy task 60 dia pipeline side mesa 've awwa manual m51 recommends air release 'equipped vacuum check device outlet find information vacuum check devices work hoping fill blanks point direction vacuum check devices 
discovered link 2010 original site 's archive images older http web archive org web 20130319201730 http www2 esm vt rkriz classes esm2304 moments moments html found originally figure 6 years long group engies cheers shop joke btw 
'm student studying meche 'd engineering branch affected jobs ? jobs ? salary ? 
doesn 't engineering specifically fact people work engineers isn 't department performs test engineering tasks frequently work weekends time weekend shifts call shifts paid calls paid 8 hours paid called work finish tasks 3 shifts day swing graveyard 'm recent hire 've year half guy 's call tim hired week 2 tim boss 's call john buddies knew tim hired john tim job past weekend scheduled call saturday sunday friday john texted shifts called expected pretty wasn 't work weekend today found john texted called shifts tim asked coworker larry larry 's call shift saturday found tim ended day swing call shifts saturday sunday 4 shifts total called asked wanted saturday sunday tim john discussed friday john tim sunday call shift larry 's saturday call shift gears ground hard work 'm planning talking boss today telling 'm 'm moderately upset don 't reasons dislike tim didn 't 's story situation ? 
lots types tumble dryer question specifically relates condensor dryers heat pump reduce cost electricity heat vent outdoors work [like http images knowhow kitchen 20appliances f028 condenser dryer general png don 't work [like http imgur cz2l4g3 specifically don 't counterflow heat exchanger seemingly efficient cross flow heat exchanger ? don 't warm exhaust air reheat gas enter drier ? 
favorite inventions flyball [centrifugal governor https en wikipedia org wiki centrifugal governor wondering availability engineering drawings device picturing drawn industrial revolution interested framing drawing decoration ideas ? wikipedia page linked drawings patent drawing interested larger suitable framing 
decided normal job graduation job work earn paycheck knowing making difference world people joined engineers borders work made impact life suggestions finding job creating job focus helping true ? time 
're project ajm calculate pressure parameters 't find equations online material removal rate brittle ductile materials 
'm found workarounds pony pro license ? find good free cheap stencil package chemical process instrumentation diagrams open source alternative visio ? 
's turn hot air stream computer electronics boiling water ? 

engineering hoping advise select individual gas stream analysis constructing system 12 gas producing biological cultures room temperature ambient pressure gas produced vessel captured passed small bore silicone tubing passed sensor read levels co2 ideally pay 12 sensors sort configuration selects individual gas stream vented [this http www vici vval sc php type valve mind 2000 wondering advice alternative setups cheaper components whilst degree automation solenoid actuator type things 
recently started working temporary structures engineer completing degree year ages job don 't stuff make bad impression 've couple tasks ages complete refresh memory hadn 't engineering year graduation told check check slab ground floor withstand load alimak planning install site gave learned uni wrong supervisor find worst load springs base alimak 't remember 're called top head started 90kn side told multiply 6 divide answer 1.5 order working load loads provided table ultimate limit state uls drawings find capacity slab designed catchment width 3m span edge beam edge retention wall multiplied area dimensions ll sdl provided drawings working loads found load produced alimak greater slab 's capacity provided backprops alimak distribute load supervisor hurry back office didn 't needed find propping needed 'm stuck called mins couldn 't reach end day monday morning don 't guys site 'm incompetent idea 'm true means 'll fired figure edit turns guys busting [my balls laugh solved problem 
hey speed consumer product design 'm starting notice consumer products lot design elements recycled 'm familiar coming machine design resources started ? 
live jersey preparing fe exam intent gaining eit lived jersey michigan mail forwarded address reviewed eit requirements today state felt make sense certification state reside recently resided michigan found eit designation jersey application requires letters recommendation pe wracking brain undergrad grad school faculty find single pe chemical 's common idea fulfill requirement solution thought exam pennsylvania state stringent requirements bachelor 's degree +fe +check earn eit resume worry bad residence pennsylvania feel raise questions future employers recommend ? input 

started current position thrown world catia overwhelming understatement functionality program insane part design generative shape design things 've dreamt figure airfoil lofts 're laughably simple splits thick surfaces heroin worrying making big split skin line 's frightening licenses list 100 long yeah long story short 's awesome program troubleshooting googling questions extremely difficult 
catia v5 autocad designing parts complex surfaces ? 
case blind leading blind 'm make sense tldr silver linings don 't stop succeed belief propagated popular media high school career counselors engineering degree equates guaranteed jobs true false engineering degree degrees worth debt opinion employers aren 't lining hand loads cash immediately graduation 'm shortage engineers stiff competition graduated 8 months ago mechanical engineer good great gpa 3.1 respectable internships belt prior military immediately eit certificate thought checked boxes big break didn 't started entry level positions semester senior year excel sheet track progress results 1 year 179 applications 8 phone interviews 6 person interviews 90 courtesy rejection emails 4 offers made 2 offers accepted gave 2 weeks notice point persistence guarantees results inevitable applying guys don 't rejection personally learn failures feedback adjust approach don 't follow numbers salary analyze opportunities presented perfect engineering position including full time internships low paying test engineer position current bills gave experience activated security clearance great resume builder 'm ready evolve senior engineers chime add debunk experience feedback criticism alike 
software ? supposed download machine run find broken links supposed public domain software 
predict flow smooth injection molded fan blade based tested results rough fans ? 3d printed fans fdm sls predict flows achieved injection molded fans 
speed electric motor determined number poles frequency electricity change speed motor modulating frequency input current frequency converter normal span frequency converter operate make 1500 rpm motor run constantly abt 140 rpm frequency converter losing lot efficiency ? 
've tasked building tool measure surface height profile parts make basic idea put part motorized xy table stage scan laser gauge measurements planning driving stage taking data raspberry pi part 100 mm stage movement 60 100 mm resolution critical 0.25 mm repeatability 2 3 microns budget hasn 't defined 4 5k 're expecting put stage considered turnkey solutions searched mitutoyo keyence looked 'm open turnkey system recommendations stages 've [physik instrumente http www pi usa products precision positioning pi micos xy precision positioning stage mc php servostepper table pretty good [optics focus http www optics focus motorized xy translation stage 861 html ? zenid 2ri24bg8oqnasv6pkonld0gpk1 idea manufacturers [this motorized stage http www steinmeyer en products positioning technology xy stages kt310 dc 294 pd good idea rep company recommendations motorized xy table manufacturer ? 
perusing tube tube found interesting gear videos thought share https www youtube watch ? ohvqgedamv4 https www youtube watch ? kymujve6vo0 
boyfriend graduating engineering year career interesting funny 'm broke suggestions make buy awesome 
don 't properly turn weight weight distribution bridge point loads 've links 't find easier 'm missing big pieces information draw random multibay truss material random weight unit distance appreciated flair 
lot politics keystone pipeline north dakota alternative engineering solutions mentioned media engineers worked project provide compromise sides ? 
build smart meter looked people energy monitoring ics cs 5460 wired micro controller wire directly micro controller sensing circuits filters rectifiers advantage energy ics rms rms app ? 
inherited guitar strange tremolo system similar found https vguitar wordpress tag fender system ii tension set adjusting threaded rod center assembly pictures 's adjusted bridge end flat socket screw head end ball end visible pictures fits slot hold place 's 12 long haven 't disassembled mine 's guess regrettably screw head 2.5 mm hex allen key badly stripped mine 'll replace part 30 year system wasn 't made long parts impossible find recommend place existing screw rod machine functional replacement ? places find online minimum order sizes don 't thousand things advance pointers 
basically tips pro tips problems revit physical model model inserted risafloor revit analytical model line nicely risafloor takes full revit model make doesn 't necessarily center axis alined model brought risa doesn 't line bring analytical model floor useless advice tips ? 
involve menial labour construction worker ? basically helping workers ? task ? 
hey 'm graduating mechanical engineering degree months wondering 's time army eng actual engineering work basic training planning apply engineering officer electrical mechanical engineering officer position 
'm searching internet specifications lab refrigerator estimate energy consumption confused entries amperage current question ? ? estimate refrigerator 's energy consumption values ? edit data sheet https www fishersci shop products fisher scientific isotemp general purpose refrigerator 2 13986151 
design level luffing crane matlab assignment managed create code basic 4 bar linkage youtube unable create mechanism traces horizontal linear path code online 4 bar simulators struggling pretty hard appreciated 

recent meche grad job thermal mechanical engineer love job continually engineer good tips tricks documenting organizing projects ? 's efficient ? 'm finding isn 't time day work hours fully document projects involved efficient greatly benefit ability accomplish projects faster topic bring studying reading engineering books efficiently read learn material skimming tend read books bed morning treadmill workout works ? book recommendations ? advance 
recently receive waiting clearance ? interim secret applied early august 90 days hoping thanksgiving clean background haven 't subject interview 
working evaporative cooling project rectangular fins clue find optimal fin size spacing length finding things grashof 's number prandtl number rayleigh number 'm finding actual calculations fins 
found 3 decent price don 't [etekcity msr u1000 https www amazon etekcity msr u1000 auto ranging digital multimeter dp b00nw62l88https www amazon etekcity msr u1000 auto ranging digital multimeter dp b00nw62l88 [ks tools 150.1495 https www amazon tools 150 1495 digital multimeter probes dp b01n2h1kpf ref sr 1 cc 1 ? aps utf8 qid 1480089011 sr 1 1 catcorr keywords ks +tools +150 1495 [kraftwerk multimeter 31130 http www kraftwerk eu 2010 index php ? option content view article id 213 3aart 31130 digital multimeter catid 66 3amonats hits lang de edit 1 goldfishpaws turbanmasher 
work week 3d scanning excess hardware future projects scale rough 3d models parts https www youtube watch ? 1jq kercf20 

list physical accessories apps helpful engineer tools personally aware smartphone lot heavy lifting witch makes device affordable traditional alternative [mooshimeter 2 channel multimeter 24 bit resolution https moosh im mooshimeter [flir thermal imaging smartphone http www flir flirone ios android [7mm endoscope borescope https smile amazon fantronics endoscope waterproof borescopes inspection dp b01cl1qucw ref zg bs 401578011 1 ? encoding utf8 psc 1 refrid za48wzfjk22zczx6vcyh aware accessories shouldn 't replacement mission critical applications great troubleshooting initial 
create hem sheet metal material gauge sheet affect limitations open hem bend radius ? 'm aware flanges limited bending material thickness maximum minimum bend radius open hem ? 


savvy electronics circuits 'll give trouble case claim expert solar panel usb outputs cloud passes voltage dip 'm charging stops charging start back full sun makes unusable isn 't cloud sky unplug plug back start charging hours notice phone power banks charge circuit 's cuts 4 volts turns back 4 volt dongle buy ? schematic work make love god don 't google find 
general relative cost info typical eva foam found foam tiles typical urethane open cell foam insoles made poron 'm relative cost higher approx ??? scoping info project 
'm building device requires multiple solenoids http www digikey product detail en delta electronics dstl 0216 05 1144 1279 5213970 runs 5.4 drawing power 1.1 continuos previous experience pulse solenoids leaving hot 'm hoping solenoid stay actuated 60 seconds safe touch 'm hot solenoid ? 
wondering experience centrifugal pumps vfds company 1p 3p vfd control 1p 3p pumps 1p source ive vfd briefly school check long term effects im hearing bit vfds bad pump lifespan heating efficiency loss converting1p 3p limit oversized pump output sized wasting power ? comments ? advance edit pumps oversized company system small larger systems kinda stuck pumps 400 pumps great large systems overkill small vfds return bypass valve alleviate pressure bosses controllable solution vfds confidence guys 
back university study final year beng mechanical engineering working industry year foundation degree wanted guys girls future engineering suppose main interest upcoming interesting 

lot work large company lots lead lag standby pump pairs standby pump fan starts lead fails perfectly reasonable auto swap standby selected operator reasonable thing don 't understand auto select standby devices period time order equalize runtime devices 't make sense devices mtbf isn 't equalizing runtime devices making 'll fail time ? doesn 't make sense device lead cycle standby periodically ensure start requested ? reliability engineering years ago sworn told normalize runtimes reliability experience weigh ? taking crazy pills ? 


experience working shift work engineering job ? job title ? ? 

hey recent grad recently started working engineer reading torque specs fasteners assembly chassis vehicles fasteners provided dynamic torque snug torque googling find simple explanation difference fasteners dynamic torque snug torque hope find detailed info terms technical simple manner 
issue occur ? made models work machine ton ready render machines office load files perfect real time view render blurry camera focus 've double triple checked camera settings render options lighting remain identical open assembly 
'm supposed map milking parlor bulk tank room specifically relevant pipeline system poor spatial intelligence drawing skills hand computer 's idea system draw 'm taking milking system https imgur gallery 8uyb3 's video parlor lot irrelevant stuff recorded important stuff wasn 't recorded https youtu 2adygcl46 
hiya 'm advice routing synchronous belts setup doable images http imgur kvq0i similar setup video linked pulleys simply angles images 've posted pulleys offset angles guys ? video kuka robot https www youtube watch ? irkdfknqtbc 
work small geotech firm make sample ejector humboldt 2800 cut costs recommendations parts made mount air powered hydraulic piston 36 stroke horizontally brace hole 3 diameter 30 long thin walled shelby tube 'm unsure make brace tube attach 3 diameter circle plate end piston push sample shelby tubes pistons online cross pin pin eye ends 's link humboldt offers give idea needed https www humboldtmfg horizontal sample ejector html 
lot videos articles read disenchanted engineering thought engineering career preconceived idea thought engineering creative types enjoyed working hands pursuing latest greatest engineering methods pursing discoveries revolutionize industry 'm wrong places info wrong people discoveries types positions rarity happen mistake don 't companies require engineers play safe game require engineers sign documents company indemnified happen lot places stick engineers office setting 95 time hands work blue collar worker cases underpaid foreigner china india taiwan work prototypes tools materials dirty latest computer software assist design ? universities large corporations ? universities corporations recruit engineers purposes developing cutting edge technologies methods ? edit goal pursue phd engineering ? 

working project create sensor differentiate textures feel force work differentiating textures computational wondering kind material type sensing advantages film sensor rating means contextually terms great 
hey beginning stages experimental design project decided electronic lab notebook large portion work software based recommendations formatting templates preserve credibility things timing ip issues importantly reliable dating system individual sign work physical notebooks past interested experience electronic version success 
specs kind basic augmented reality device control touchpad control display connect touchpad arm chip mips low power dual single core 1gb ram wifi bt yeah thin small size google glass guess information comments college student ? multiple professional ? 

started job engineer month ago dsp software engineer manager dsp systems engineer systems engineer valuable team ? biggest differences ? work big defense contractor bay area 

conformal coating special application small chamber manually filled water 5 minute intervals operator sensor built exposed wire chamber read alkalinity water entry sample problem sensor firing water entering sensor residual water exposed wire sensor reading sample reading conformal coatings repel water wire greatly reduce residual water stagnating wire causing read sample entered chamber conformal coating limit buildup alkaline water ? 
suggestions learn sound attenuation depth specifically industrial compressors dynamic compressors positive displacement pumps moving air 'm understand design quarter wave resonators helmholtz resonator understand sound actively attenuated 

company start designing parts vacuum forming starting signage extending parts feasible expected scope projects includes text organic shapes characters 3d content creators work 3ds max engineers working solidworks preference 3d artists design pieces hand parts engineering add mechanical features mounting lightboxes whatnot preliminary tests workflow yesterday threw types high low poly geometry test files test file ended 60k faces bring file formats stl dxf dwg igs wrl versions opened solidworks strictly graphical representations modified partial geometry open due high poly count managed open complete editable version artists test piece solidworks insight effectively set workflow ? investigate software priced usage significantly simplify workflow 
'm design small gas turbine home project desired output thrust jet engine desired output mechanical shaft rotation rotating turbine power generator 'm automotive turbocharger compressor turbine shaft compressor output turbine input combustion chamber mix compressed air propane subsequently ignite fuel combustion rotate turbine process basically brayton cycle wondering areas project ignite fuel aka place spark plug ignition device choose ? basically respect turbine ignite fuel inches enters turbine housing wait turbine housing ? initially create flow ? slight flow energy combustion subsequently power compressor thinking dc motor give compressor initial rotation powerful fan create airflow compressor begin rotation compressor determine geometry combustion chamber ? holes gas flow ? determine good pipe diameter pipes carry air compressor combustion chamber turbine ? difficult computational fluid analysis fairly difficult replicate geometry compressor turbine turboshaft eventually purchase cad make work time waste finances initial rotation begin tweak design 
passed fe exam figured share experience senior electrical engineering technology program 've heard handful people online real life glorified technicians degree hard time understanding curriculum identical ee figured give test shot 'm interested joining power field strongly recommended pursuing pe test wasn 't bad prepare don 't waste 225 method bought fe electrical computer manual book comprehensive basically problem book acquaint material month advance tips 1 circuits exam basic lot power questions aren 't familiar thing found challenging controls systems problems haven 't 2 prep stuff don 't statistics economics ethics gimme problems 3 calculator ti 36x pro solve basic stats derivatives integrals vectors 3x3 matrix 4 mathematics solely cal 3 diff 5 takes longer 5 minutes solve problem wrong 6 time essence roughly 3 minutes problem don 't problem flag time management equally important knowing material finished 15 minutes spare 5.5 hours length conclusion listening ends helping don 't sweat 
'm put reasonable range hourly rate moonlighting engineering work employer mine 's specialized work 's essentially continuation projects 's average market sf ny chicago 've bsme 'm pmp certified 'm hard time coming range individual labor firm charge 125 250 hr similar work steep individual contributions availability normal business hours day job base salary 75k making typical hourly rate close 40 hr including benefits bonuses 's input hive mind ? clarify work legally considered consulting knowledge contractor term work involves requires engineering licensure kind 
good morning reddit 've recently begun programming cnc milling machines bobcad young engineer don 't experience choose speeds feeds program engineer machinery 's handbook calculating speeds feeds drilling hole plain carbon steel 3 16 drill bit speed calculations feed diameter factors vopt ff fd adjusted speed vopt optimal speed chart ff feed factor fd diameter factor formula numerical entries 55 fpm 3.58 0.93 183.2 fpm 12 183.2 pi 0.1875 3732 rpm high numbers machinery 's handbook good source selecting speeds feeds reference input 

worked heavy mining refining construction industrial electrician ive pretty impressive engineering feats bloody amazing believable ive guys im awe 've built machines heavy track dimensions 're water sink silt sand bottom talking depths 1000 3 machines tethered ship moving parts machine side operations side hours haul stow machine 3 event storm unforseen event fantastic http imgur g5hce 
hey guys proposal design 10 tb interconnect operating 2 km transmission distance basic things optical transmission create proposal suggestions appreciated 
fellow engineers father told neighbors 'm audio guy 'm taking gander broken powered speaker 's crappy gemini 15 problem unit plugged loud buzz appears signal speaker pots turned rule hum radio interference hum audible 65 75db spl thoughts ac power transformer coming transformer problem rectification filtering ac voltage speaker 'm thinking malfunctioning transistor capacitor depth audio electronics problem ? test faulty transistors capacitors ? advice good blessings surely 
isn 't hear engineers work ? employed day small firm work man team common engineering trade unrealistic hope day ? edit title supposed employment 

work small company expand network professional connections lists professional engineering societies cool resources boston area ? electro mechanical mechanical degree engineer interest automation robotics ve ieee events society women engineers meetups wrong gender advice greatly appreciated 
'm 21 years aim graduate 3 years degree electrical computer engineering 'm school moved back home enrolling semester previously school 2 1 2 years biochemistry major finally facing fact enjoying lot searching consulting researching online 've set path feel immensely 10 months ago arrested charged 4 felony counts possession intent distribute 'm months final court date sentencing good news lawyer pretty confident end probation time great allowing continue school chance receive deal expunges record successfully probation won 't counting chance turn back time made awful awful choice deal rest life sense glad happened headed wrong path surrounding wrong people received biggest wake call give newfound focus desire succeed unlike overcome make stronger person imagined simply graduate find decent job support family comfortably 't stop stressing made terrible judgement call bad person dedicated turning life employers fear landing job turn hell 'm coming advice 3 years school ? dedicated learning code free time decided computer science interest hardware amount free resources teach programming easy decision find enjoyable figure make employable future plan staying involved back school january research labs volunteering clubs organizations internships summers find company accept managed successful engineering field criminal convictions ? tips types companies regions lenient accepting applicants felonies ? 'm open advice criticism guys offer dedicated plan doesn 't make easier stop worrying 't worrying problem ps suited engineeringstudents thought helpful real world experience 

ha5 title din en material designation din en 10130 1.0338 dc04 stand ? reference current guess cat keyboard involved 

engineers small objects extremely functional cheap ? small things flash drives mouse pads pens ? 
engineering work abroad united states enjoy studying languages hobby countries pretty developed engineering manufacturing markets 2016 languages learning connect engineers internationally ? countries pretty big engineering manufacturing japan germany south korea china taiwan important countries ? countries important future countries important compete ? 
hey good textbook wind turbines specifically utility scale related transmission equipment good suggestions ? 
project building table top hole includes fan suck air table solder electrical circuits table large hole 40cm 20cm covered piece perforated aluminum air sucked table attach pipe connected large fan side drawing setup http imgur 3pk0o problem air sucking uniform hole 2 side 1 good air sucking end area 2 minus area 1 bad question uniform air sucking flow hole table ? advance 
'm designing centrifugal axial fans prototype sls nylone blades compare performance designs injection mold design performance difference insight ? 
refer previous post video tube channel entitled hurricane dancer couldn 't figure post 'm begging pardon latest invention simple inexpensive create huge scale find hard 's revolutionary 'd love feed back update recently posted link showing 20 mph wind test 's hard find check 
flair title backstory 'm junior professional 24 2 years work experience class 2015 involved project ways architectural design 've wanted attained leed ga credential involved engineering side construction sake work ethic work hard efficiently make design construction easier process sake knowledge creativity design firmer grasp technical side building design masters green building make good technical aspects passive design green themes softwares learn workshops seminars attend attend obvious work experience people skills ? questions tasks engineer project manager ? make path easier faster ? 



've found high volume customers 
'm trouble bcs 360 model 'm turning cyclic model 'm worried smaller section model 'm cutting section 1 5 problem bolt bolt pretension original nut bolt free end constrain nut downstream ? ideas ? 



context 'm undergraduate student finding ethics instruction school sadly lacking achieve basic understanding basics familiarity higher level ideas 


recently learned james webb space telescope finished undergo extensive testing things expose telescope extreme vibration sound stress factors endure launch rocket understanding 'm engineer vibration vibration long exposure practically shake machine built assume damaging effects vibration additive time wondering test procedures apply telscope increase probability failure actual launch telescope endure speak testing actual launch unlike automobile cheap build relative speaking build cars spec crash test extrapolate considered safe tested telescope tested launched 'm interested hear engineers view perceptions testing procedurs wrong incomplete 
've kinda 've chalking fact work nights 'm automation 'm starting realize 's work atmosphere 's making super thrilled job turn affects life work 'm talking corporate bullshit tons bosses lots assholes lots conniving people move rank hero spotlight 's stupid quarterly business meetings 's bought bigger companies forward rest career ? started career smaller rnd company relaxed people 's throats didn 't pay benefits ? find smaller company 'm peon ? man accept life ? edit replies 
'm [msp430f5529 http www ti lit ds slas590m slas590m pdf communicate [adxl345 http www analog media en technical documentation data sheets adxl345 pdf 'm [usci http www ti lit ug slau411d slau411d pdf module [sparkfun breakout board https www sparkfun products 9836 adxl345 boards set communicate 4 wire spi problem run code 'm output logic analyzer hooked haven 't found code reference usci module 've spi manually gpio 's 'd usci module edit forgot include code https gist github anonymous c2f2183fa22eb714eaee6fa259804cb4 wiring msp430 adxl345 2.7 scl 3.3 sda 3.4 sdo 2.1 cs 


'm student offered positin ge aviation summer internship background check arrest record year ago convicted 'm worried prevent job insight ? 
hours submit designs engineering cad competition ? subreddit skilled fun project ranging varied fields skills honed learning practice cad opportunity compare modelling styles modelers propose time weekend model sr 71 stand upload grabcad screenshot include feature tree admire 've pick winner 'll call end competition tentative 9pm est monday 7 november subreddit pretty cool resource neat build community hope 've sit check back 

'm wondering engineering workplace 've heard lots 've ironically single individuals working offices teams gathered wide open space ? electrical engineer instance conduct day moment walk work minute head back home ? 
heard tellaic energy transfer ? wireless charging real reason 't find receiver sender regular things ? plug wall vacuum cleaner wall computer monitor tv ? isn 't thing tech ? personally 'd love concept floor mat electric car charger 
field testing company 's prototype weeks market decent laptop 's years 've bought figured 'd suggestions high end laptops gaming high er price tags display graphics hardware don 't high res display software matlab gpu license silly sink money machines data sets work pretty big single radar run produces 200 500 mb 2d matrix 'll 16gb ram 'm drop speed max budget 2500 work startup manage cash flow money save avoid headaches road suggestions input 
http imgur bdvil related metal chemistry 'm opinion apprecaited identical parts ordered places aluminum alloy 6061 t6 hard anodize class iii type picture surface colors noticeably test chemical composition confirmed parts alloy 6061 t6 anodize thickness 0.0003 difference 0.0016 0.0013 's significant color difference caused surface colors ? 
wanted share information cover basic concepts learned deeper convoluted working iso standards time meeting supplier machined parts started discussing conformances long story short back noticed room specific answer interpret diameter dimension drawing people claimed cmm measurement average dimension claimed gauges noted callipers deciding measurement discussion points measured part spec voices callipers suck detect part tri lobed parts fairly thin walled chuck lathe deform extent decided dig standards found things surprised foremost iso 14405 1 geometrical product specifications gps dimensional tolerancing part 1 linear sizes diameter linear size states point measurement essentially calipers default method measurement stated cmm spit average matter precise happy symbol measurements required claim part spec ? decide find rejected receiving brings interesting discussion table tri lobed parts issue ? made sketch solidworks circles 101 mm 99mm fit tri lobed shape simulate point measurement results surprising read dimensions 99.53 mm 100 mm huge difference means part 99.53 100 mm hole bigger 101 mm spec simple geometry actual numbers gave means bore shaft fit clearance fit start worry parts depends atlantic ocean east west fixed taylor principle envelope principle applicable default asme iso familiar diameter drawing pass gauge test actual testing required shaft 10mm 0.1 mm hole 10.1 mm 9.9 mm fixes tri lobe average diameter issue straightness iso default tolerance straightness potentially fairly lax iso 2768 2 part perfect measure calipers spec bit banana shaped lost iso crowd shove circle diameter envelope principle works americans find drawing table small text stating dimensions tolerances iso 2768 mk change mk enables envelope principle note increase price parts essentially tightens tolerances asme play iso add circle diameter relax tolerances bit suitable cases reduce cost hope enjoyed dorky write diameters simple made mistakes story place time ago writing technical details memory 
stupid question don 't experience strain gauges 'm research mechanical properties sports equipment 'd measure strain points order accurate representation type equipment borrowing equipment friends possibly local shop don 't damage 's equipment advice find applying strain gauges talk roughing surface adhesion cyanoacrylate epoxy glues assume leave mark equipment remove permanent damage obvious method 'm forgetting ? 
'm curious setting lab start learning sources learn books online sources college student studying engineering personal reasons set lab learn forms engineering mechanical electrical structural ? 
periodically procurement group company work change bearing suppliers cost reduction effort 's good thought difficulty fact test desired verify equivalent life low cost abcxyz bearing practical established successful discussion disqualifying qualifying critical successfully ? small companies resources experience comprehend problems 
'm place figured good place start 'm civil engineering student randomly thought pop head 'm greek letters classes letters make actual greek alphabet language 'm assuming equations apply world language english ? 
sensor motorized door prevent opening closing pir sensor issue door room door opens closes sets sensor option place sensor door application sensor detect presence human detect motion metal door ? 

neglected cswa school recently graduated 've noticed 's disclaimer end product description sentence stating 'at start academic year cswa cswp exam legally current students ? [link https store2 esellerate net store checkout customlayout aspx ? str6391639620 pc page onepagecatalog htm 

electrolysis small amounts electron volts needed question regulate precise amount needed ? 's leeway upper side 've heard solution electrolyte burned variable power supply regulating electron voltage simpler method ? 
turned job lack people skills emotional intelligence ? 've heard feedback engineer work creative field 'm running lit fit problems 
rant working devices place employment intentionally vague frustrating designs big electrical connector power supply connector push tab release problem squeeze tab fingers hand won 't fit area connector located hand flexes devices work hand flex factor part design doozy nut close edge panel close socket wrench socket body wide hits edge panel won 't fit nut hand tools hand fits taking double time remove nut voids screws lost drop screw bolt 've nuts bolts lost shaped edges fancy ? touch 't retried areas reach grab hand arm flexes 't hold arm choose hands big 'm big guy magnetic retrievers golden 't devices designed cad programs don 't plan human appendages 
determine inductance coil order find capacitance oscilloscope hand buy cheap function generator clueless basic bought [this http www digikey kr product detail ko precision 4001 bk4001a 672535 job ? cheaper ? 
types tensile testing machines ? displacement controlled sample displaced set speed stress measure stress controlled constantly increasing force applied sample displacement measured question advantages disadvantages ? times ? mechanisms machine control displacement measure strain displacement controlled machine vice versa stress controlled machine ? 
calculate calculate section modulus 65 65 6 mm curb angle shell thickness 6 mm table asked superior 32.6 cm3 28.16 leads ? 
avid reader spare time engineer struggle find books magical system ins 't mess nonsensical gibberish appreaciate author build magic logical contruct thermodynamics conservation energy momentum kingkiller chronicle rothfuss mistborn trilogy ould reccomend series books ? 
hey guys entry level position tackle casting gear case engine block guy don 't expect tackle big stuff find helpful literature topic suggestions ? 
dumb question 'm engineering technology management program 've noticed curriculum research emphasize engineering knowledge effective engineering management emphasizes communication leadership networking motivational accounting strategic skills fyi manage online building simple html css instructional design part complicated thoughts ? 

'm place doesn 't rules 'm curious industry mil standards repairing damaged hole threads appreciated 
'm electrical engineering undergraduate student concentration robotics interested sort challenges lack funding face electrical engineers work nasa spacex blue origin space related companies link reading material form scientific journals research papers great 

hoping feedback rough 4th axis design atleast couple points http imgur 15vepz8 png 'm 100 1 harmonic drive reduction rated 50nm nema17 stepper input side 'm double tapered roller bearings preloaded nuts large disk hex nut output stage harmonic drive bolted large disc thinking nuts serve jam nuts low strength loctite prevent unscrewing fixed side harmonic drive bolted bottom plate peices aligned dowel pins seam reasonable ? decided couple motor input stage flex coupler belt curious worry binding bearing shafts ? cases flex coupler ? currenlty nice centering output bolt circle area harmonic drive concentric bearings make disc nut tight slip fit shaft thread main centering element disc small lip center output stage disc 

title ply failure structural analysis good place learn ? 
've video special 3d printed magnets correlated polymagnets idea magnetize ? 'm curious create effective magnetic pixels require concentrated confined electric field ? 
position https jobs boeing job las cruces spacecraft engineer 185 3050560 engineering positions interest area las cruses boeing wstf jacobs engineering jacobs contracts nasa rocket propulsion projects graduated 1 yr 9 mo ago 's hard land position 've job straight univ 's limited mro responsibilities qualifications boeing lists job description aero degree astro qualifications listed outright 've applied position rejected selection process highly competitive decided move forward candidates qualifications closely meet time pointers resume tweak develop make competitive ? idea applied jacobs don 't experience descriptions work propulsion side industry boeing las cruses satellite based lockheed positions 'd input boeing position makes competitive position ? 

metal shed 30 foot span 3 2x12s beam truss metal plates ends large bolts side clamp beams beam sort bent 'h vertical pitch roof 2x12 collar ties half pitch calculating beams needed 38 foot span ? 
alright odd work buddy mine day work supposed workout due piece shit consistently oversleeps make time 2 5 days time call doesn 't work lot time sleeps phone calls multiple alarms 'll forget set alarm phone dies build sort alarm doesn 't disconnected snooze ignoring fire station bell car horn ring house wake house town remotely trigger ? ideas ? 

'm visiting japan early year wondering recommendations engineering related things visit tours ? 'm toyota museum international design centre nagoya akashi kaiky bridge odaiba miraikan museum gundam 
fellow engineers 'm recommendations good textbook published guidance discusses design experiments picking design project work 've low level design development work long refresher 'm mechanical engineer training work medical devices means 
find locking ball socket joint project mind product ball socket joint locked position flick micro switch extent advice appreciated mucho love 

assuming title legally wear noticed cultures dealing don 't don 't interested knowledge generally cooperative summarize add wearing title snob don 't dumb generally interested faster response calls emails quota requested equipment technical information wearing title tend useless wrong information worse quota sell unnecessary equipment products honest open concessions adjust people dealing emails signatures business cards ? 
recently requested performance review manager hopes raise responded form supposed complete discussion past year state understanding job duties responsibilities things achieved past year ? obstacles drawbacks encountered past year ? feel accomplishments recognized ? past year good satisfactory bad ? discussion future elements job find interesting ? interesting ? elements job find challenging ? challenging ? provide smart goals year smart specific measurable attainable realistic timeframe additional training required desired ? dislike working organization ? things company improve job work environment ? form apparently part policy review march 2014 kind lame 's long story encountered similar ? salary connected form avoid mistakes pitfalls advice appreciated mention work small engineering fabrication company role includes project management mechanical engineering mechanical design responsibilities 
install measure pressure pressurize liquid tank operating range 0 10 atm 0 3 atm overpressurized 20 40c tank liquid ice gas slurry access 4 cm thick flat acrylic face plate 5x10 cm area tap face plate real time measurement logging computer tank fluid inside laboratory setting dry liquid splashing minimal [usb transducer http www omega pptst px409 usbh html omega ? drill thread npt hole size probe tip spec sheet ? pressure transducer type ? boss pitot tube pressure transducer submerged tank hit impeller reason install top bottom tank ? top tank gas headspace depending filled edit 0.1 atm accuracy 1 5 error logging 1 0.1 1 10 hz recording 1 8 hours 
collect data hammock idea immediately mind strain gauge [ropes https inventory photos 0 global ssl fastly net 861230 original 267441 nph4h8qtl jpg jpg ? 1432914359 research found strain gauges max strain 2 'd imagine ropes stretch typical load realized difficult attach rope mind idea sensor ? important mention strain doesn 't matter 0 1 cheers 
iv power supply built 'm adding variable voltage regulator power supply put 33vdc 66vdc variable regulator 55 full range variable 'd lower high voltage step lower 11 diodes 1v drop put amps appreciated 
airbalance tab related 'd love mech 's involved 


im pickle 2 speed differential length axle 40in space important torque drivetrain enormous planetary gear set plain ring pinion ? edit ratios wishing 32 1 1.25 1 



designing simple test section involving evaporation r245fa evaporates readily ambient conditions requiring compression r134a complete noob pumps recommend start ? 

read papers leads high response times good contrast don 't conjugated systems effect ? 
plastic drain http imgur vzbn2 made thermoplastics 't figure joined guess spin welded wanted opinion input 
hey guys time posting 'm engineering student start working small projects don 't start suggestions ? edit responses guys 'll check 

rings sitting shaft bearing journals side insulator shaft rings super crude drawing show design http imgur 0jugqfw png interference fit rings ground shape shaft balanced test good electricity applied rings vibration starts rings bearings bearings show normal 2 mil vibration collector rings start showing 20 mil vibration electricity stopped vibration remains unit stopped rings sanded 'm started test shaft balanced electricity applied thing happened thoughts ? gut internal cracks defects changing magnetic field induced crack opening wider don 't reason return back sanding crack opening unstable time bumping allowed close back tested surface cracking found retesting tomorrow thought crazy appreciated 
'm dvds engineering construction brother big kinda stuff degree enjoyed series kings construction https www amazon uk kings construction 8 dvd boxset dp b004fl54lu question dvds recommend 
shiraz ahmed reporter producer automotive news leading publication covering business auto industry working story demand engineers work driving cars competencies include robotics machine learning artificial intelligence 're interested working car company tech company 's difference days ? autonomous vehicle programs 'd love chat feel free pm email sahmed [at crain [dot shiraz 
edit complete reddit family 've working days 't figure shrink fit 4206 bearing pulley pulley experiencing 342.85 nm torque 3850 rpm pulley 101.6 mm pitch diameter internal diameter 62 mm bearing external radius 62 mm ina schaefler website sucks information bearing information http medias schaeffler medias en hp ec br pr 42 4206 tvh materials steel 207 gpa poisson ratio 03 'm trouble figuring interference needed transmit torque slipping destroying bearing don 't exact answer resource explaining tackle 's giving hard time 
folks wondering redditors attending [camx show www thecamx org anaheim september 26th kind comic con materials chemical process engineers pretty big names boeing dow chemical dupont nasa oak ridge national lab zoltek owens corning orbital atk time student hoping make contacts good chin wag industry expect don 't interested experience 

'm manufacturing complex math trig 
decided wanted learn electrical circuits electronics general 've books practical electronics inventors make electronics learning discovery buy ? books 
company h900 heat treatment house 17 4 components make noticed parts slip soft low 33 rc ultimate strength safty facotrs low prevent rockwell hardness tesing component heat treatment gray area accept reject batch 10 units yesterday 7 44 46 pretty nominal 41 42 39 tested multiple locations numbers averages belong heat number heat treated time heat treating unit 39 30 minutes thinking heat saturation issue improvements thoughts ? 

questions feasibility creating sustainable affordable source clean water sanitary grid closed loop water recycling system growing bottom pyramid population power solar 15w grid panel concerned dangers spreading pathogens system crash fail safe ideas ? 
'm 4th year chemical engineering student working design project 'm woefully underequipped practical experience pretty concepts 'm wondering 's efficiently heat gas gases lower heat capacitites respective liquids 's difficult heat exist method efficiently standard heat exchange ? 
mechanical engineer ideal electronics knowledge learn reading structures things don 't fall je gordon highly recommend wondering book similar vein resources learn basics advanced electronics 
poor developing country cut cover deep underground housing buildings connected ? 

question naming names patent inventorship developing ideas team working problem year close solving times adding feature time check list requirements developing idea building test methods design condition solve ideal solution coworker wasn 't team looked basically added feature check final road block elegant solution writing patent request assuming didn 't mention lot ground work question 'm put patent ? 
guys english sounding engineer ? 'm fairly junior engineer canada racism problem feel chinese put disadvantage job search whatnot statistically harder call backs english sounding profession work large company oil gas unstable 've made countless rounds layoffs 'm preparing incase begin job hunt harder competition time people give english transition ? easier fresh grad 've working years good reputation colleagues clients alike kind strange suddenly give 've pretty raised canada english perfect accent grad remember job interview epc manager bluntly wow english thought offense realize preconceived biases occur selecting candidates don 't holding back career guys ? honest opinions senior hiring managers great won 't offended put bluntly 'd 
interview thursday lean engineering position plan talking shop experience felt wasn 't lean plan talking stat courses pertain job sigma whatnot guys suggest talking advance suggestions 


calculate thevenin resistance terminals ? pick power source flows terminal calculate thevenin resistance ? understand short circuiting voltage sources open circuiting current sources calculate thevenin resistance terminals elobarate ? 

hey guys graduated college year half ago aerospace engineering degree school gravitated fright control stuff software hardware job college guess 's hardware idea things made wondering suggest resource read learn components machined manufacturing processes pros cons learn welding material properties nice embarrassing surprise month idea alpha casing suggestions resources ? 'd 

started job automotive industry 10 4 design engineer formal training produce excel spreadsheets data official tasks projects feel lost guidance structure asked mgr work monday week integrate continue waiting game ? starting feel anxious paid contributing 
folks hope suitable subreddit askengineers 'm stylus markup drawings documents pdf format 'm portable tablet ms surface pro 'm types drawing graphic tablets amazon [link https www amazon ca ref dp bc 5 ? utf8 node 3341422011 suit requirements ? differences devices ? type ? work nicely adobe products ? searching pointing surface 'm don 't ipad android windows tablet touchscreen device 
doesn 't belong guys posted toolmakers doesn 't 's active title suggests brother job toolmaker 's brand spankin newborn babe start ? successful learn trade reasonable pace ? 've looked buying machinery 's handbook 30th edition level ? special calculators beginning tools ? advice seasoned professionals 
morning working structural engineering project building large rail mounted modules substitute grade hollow bar called size pipe current grade procured pipe welded acts pin shaft key properties outline technical query ? intention provide comparison client yield strength mpa elongation min chemical composition 've missed add emphasize order tq line ? engineering edit formatting 
'm halfway series experiments lead model lead pilot plant order present data easy grasp graph 've 3 independent variables measurement 27 data points 've time [1 2 3 concentration [0 1 0.2 0.3 temperature [100 200 300 measurement area 'm thinking 3d plot axis time axis concentration axis area color data point blue 100 yellow 200 red 300 've make graph 'm lost open office things option drop correlations 'm make obvious offer suggestion ? don 't access excel damn fault 't 
made subreddit called sciencechallenge make comunity people create solve science problems fun objective simply post problem solve place find interesting science problems solve school hope people interested solving simple complex problems hope people create problems solve fun spare time 
project find small servo motors doesn 't information size gear connected servo motors make design part connect gear standard size ? normal servo motors dimensions gear size ? [servo model https www adafruit products 2307 model number couldn 't find information gear 
obtain cooling load building rtsm method order obtain prf rts values software generate prf values fine obtain rts values surfaces program stops working wondering similar problem program obtain values edit [software http hvac 2 okstate load calculation prfgen setup zip 
offered research position professor linx clue operate linx tips beginners ? 
buy matlab educational tutorial book ideally book start basic level progress advanced stuff book included chapters simulink great 'm mechanical engineer helps 




imagine connect minds internet place receiver processor mind grab information internet translate brains understand knowledge adjustments needed made internet gather information based thinking chat fb minds good idea bad idea ? 

've [articles http www smithsonianmag innovation england test roads charge electric cars 180956336 electric car charging lanes save work charging car efficient terms energy expense electric grid ? searches don 't turn info 's assume works wireless phone charger charger road constantly emitting energy induction field ? 
calculate change enthalpy delta tabulated values standard change enthalpy delta naught ? specifically standard conditions trouble finding calculate simply delta standard conditions values previously mentioned 
'm numerous arc flash studies industrial applications include power factor correcting capacitors parallel motor load running single control panel assume vfd issue 'm coming include capacitors part study impact short circuit current arc flash noted motor loads typically small 25hp 100 hp capacitors included ? impact system warrant time complexity study ? 
feel good place post http imgur qaqdp design specifications ? attempt build cost materials ? materials hollow aluminum pvc ? wood ? book written 1910 'd assume lighter stronger options 've wanted build glider information ive ive real gliders suggestions caution make reliable appreciated 
minivans ugly boxy cars boundary layer separation ? 
rude title attention 'mon 're pissed 'd introduce train years ago asked noticed growing number demand freelance coders ? hypothesis due general business shift mobilizing everyday transactions app uber hotels takeout stock trading assume hypothesis starting business learning code set pretty valuable person opposing alternative starting salaried worker scene manager paths make highly valuable valuable set perks presently desirable perks temporal shift seed thought trend engineering disciplines ? recently article cdi corp introduced idea 1099 economy direct result information age contract engineers higher demand future question greater favor specialty engineers widely talented engineers ? grow fastest 1099 economy aeronautical grad started drafter boeing design harrier jets civil engineer started assistant superintendent job site absorbed management skills aspects contributing engineering disciplines ? demand contracted engineer jack trades master ? 
give eli5 engineering explanation 's water seal combustible gas pulled vacuum water water drain atmosphere edit excuse reddit art basically 's pipe filled gas pulled vacuum drain pipe attached gas line water entering exiting seal loop drain 

multiple fsr measure speed objects moves measuring time takes move fsr send signal motor explain talk project 
thermal based [graphene speakers https www youtube watch ? zvcj1xe8cge interesting 'd 



curved tube meshed nodes elements represent body fea capture moment caused airflow curved tube duct 90 degree elbow straight tube cut tube halfway 's length save element nodes model grid point force balance nodes cut section reactions loads nodes cut face apply model represent motion grid point force balance reveals 4 internal forces surrounding element node applied load pressure put tube turns applied load node equals summation 4 internal forces internal forces surrounding elements applied load 0 equilibrium forces order apply loads cut face ? assume 2 internal forces elements cut boundary issue thought large moment applied contant pressure entire duct make sum internal forces cut face tube words internal forces caused applied load applied uniform pressure pressure uniform duct summing cut internal forces node circumferentially tube cut face location shouldn 't case expecting tube large moment essentially confirm logic thinking 's missing information captured grid point force balance doesn 't capture tube pulled forces tube 's axis internal forces normal surface due reactions pressure position information node compare position node time 0 capture pulling tube 
starting part time job tech sales marketing campaigns mailchimp company selling fusion plasma chamber products magnetic coils diagnostics mhd simulations completely marketing advice beginner books resources specifically tech sales ? 
troubleshooting computers network connection experience sporadic spikes ping time router computer router ethernet powerlink adapter determine source problem due happening home electrical circuit source cheap router ideal case scope measurements wall electrical coincide ping spike 'm scope safely 110 ac borrow work doubt move computer direct connection require physical work wouldn 't caused issue 

canadian student moving states work obtaining pe hold bsc chemistry working masc chemical engineering undergrad abet certification engineering masters engineering degree thesis based 27 credit hours questions 1 eligible write fe exam 2 make happen hoping classes 3 advice time 
shopping cryogenic ball check valves jic connections ends luck finding companies make valves connection types thinking valves socketweld ends welding jic adapters ends valves hard time finding fittings jic end socketweld end recommendations acquire jic socketweld adapter fittings ? 

test process worked large number operators required bolt item precise torque unbolt item attempting remove possibility mistakes replaced snap torque wrenches [mountz tsn55 cam torque wrenches http www mountztorque products torque wrenches tsn cam torque wrench disadvantage tool works forward direction requires tool remove bolts 1 2 drive socket wrench specifically modified work reverse find solution 3 8 drive configured work reverse ideally regular socket wrench small subset operators end final torque 
analyse simulink heat recovered electricity generated jenbacher jms 620 gs http www sinapse ua img zstored j620v01 en pdf inlet outlet temperatures flow flates heat recovery system data engine spec start simulation 'm bit lost equations ? appreciated 
check math calculating gas velocity exits air knife 'm hoping equations fluid mechanics experience big air knife 72 long slot opening 002 flowing nitrogen gas rate 300 min calculate volumetric flow rate equation mdot volumetric flow rate mdot mass flow rate density density nitrogen stp 1.251 mdot 350 min 1min 60sec 1.251 1kg 1000 0073 kg mdot 0073 1.251 00583 3 volumetric flow equation respect velocity area va assuming flow normal slot opening calculate velocity 72 005 1m 2 1550 2 000186 2 05833 3 000186 2 31.3 ? 
official blog american national standards institute ansi submissions industry professionals basically relating work relationship standards interesting things goal posts informative share writer 's knowledge wide audience [ansi blog https ansidotorg blogspot interested contact blog ansi org edit link 
hey guys freshman mechanical engineering finding coolest engineering project 
working process engineer year boss respect personal plans wondering work life balance process engineers general current job trails scheduled weeks advance shifted weekend 24 hours notice big deal wife lives city back school weekends understand emergencies requiring random times upset personal plans forfeited due boss poor scheduling skills share experiences working manufacturing facility 
understand conventional batteries acting counter balance designs turret truck raymond center gravity important designed accommodate counter weight ? 
morning sort weird basically install large industrial motors work 've tasked develop training process 'm find info latest standards foundation work large machines basically civil engineering side foundations typically show foundation work completed internal documentation work japan things learn working japanese company tend light information original experience turbines military shimming alignment don 't standards involving concrete resource links greatly 'm raise level knowledge house don 't share tribal knowledge share information assistance 

project 'm estimate roughly expected voltage generated wire emi rf source sort data [this study http www int peh emf whatisemf en index3 html principals calculate voltage data large ranges 'm values guesstimate values ? needed make rough estimation rough theoretical model study shield effectiveness cables topic greatly appreciated 

career path shake engineering world wondering made 'm mechanical engineer dc area 5 years experience standard career path trajectory large epc company ? reasons switching careers ? back school ? major compensation ? job entry level ? worried experience wouldn 't translate successful ? 
've studying thermodynamics past days don 't quiete understand thing don 't entropy process produced energy ? thought wouldn 't matter entropy production irreversibility pls explain ? 
posted mega advice thread ago avail questions obtaining pe license background recent college grad mech working full time security systems integrator fe year move pe test 1 read lot study prepare test wondering choices pe test beneficial 2 references ? registering test online looked ahead pe license 5 years experience references 5 pes 2 3 unsure contact 3 2 kind relationship needed pes ? professional working relationship sort work ? 4 process starting llc specifically pe license told 's good helpful start working pe tips advice starting business pe kind business ? 5 kind dumb question guys pes ? 've varied answers online talking hold 's day day basis working pes stamping drawings giving seal approval ? involved design process projects ? kind industries guys ? experience construction 's extremely helpful hvac class importance industry working fire alarm systems pes interested automotive industry quickly learning experience industry unsure put effort attempting enter feel kind jobs industries advance hope doesn 't trouble posted forhire today tedious cad work 'm experience autocad modeling software general generate side income enjoy 'm job occupy time pay student loans 's interested pm discuss capabilities autocad 2016 nx10 solidworks learn real world projects usual youtube tutorials 
lot people working software industry 're engineer time 're hitting early 40s worried true industries ? work food production age group 22 27 process production engineers ches mes system engs 34 40 group mgmt lower 40s late 50s 
hey engineering elected president universities asme chapter year 'm cool event ideas drum interest club chapter small fund fellow classmates rocket club actively involved thinking launching model rockets quad lines draw attention funding event isn 't issue receive 8,000 semester input greatly appreciated 
goal design build remote controlled aircraft experience questions designed built aircraft general design aircraft ? blimp ? quad ? tri ? built aircraft testing change design correct poor performance ? ? biggest problems faced aircraft perform properly ? specific materials electronics recommend ? start ordering parts designing building ? hobbyists fly rc aircrafts features drone aircraft ? dislike aircraft ? change part design ? anticipate potential problems sharing personal experience huge advice recommendations great 
building mechanical parts tech company developing head understanding underlying technology strategic design lack engineering skills compile individual parts device consist 1 mechanical arm joints 3 degrees freedom rotation flexion extension joint locked position point commanded 2 motion joints determined direct manipulation hold end arm natural movements native arm mechanical arm simultaneously mimic motions augmenting efforts user goal seamless user barely notices mechanical arm assisting actions greatly appreciated 

title bit misleading job college 's 4 months making mistakes feel 'm catching 'm group college group 10 years experience feel 't times learning understanding make mistakes guys experience starting college ways overcoming ? 

've free time apply making extra dough love engineering 'm electronics engineer schematic design pcb layout lend remote work deliverables digital ton sketchy websites freelance work recommendations legitimate good platforms finding side work ? 

im designing project 8th graders geometry 'm working physics earth science department design drone meet environmental types short project entails teams 4 kids environment potential contract asked amazon design drone deliver packages kids environmental factors working earth science physics departments design drone meet potential employer present drsign investment panel end project 'm online system kids input designs run simulation determine design function hope makes sense hope sisters brothers 

start studying mechanical engineering university years time bit late starter 25 main reason love making stuff enjoy diy playing cars kind thing accountant job stuck cool stuff home fun engineering skills ? built kit car ? built house ? made furniture ? kid homework ? love forward 
project learn wind turbines start specifically vertical axis wind turbines good book 'd love starting point 

's open landfill garbage capacity emitting foul odor neighborhood reports claim smell stench 3km practical long term solution lessen stench meantime wearing masks 
buy carbon fiber plate search confirming material structural properties rep email intriguing properly made carbon fiber plate breaking point higher bending flexing point stiffest aluminum plate interested true thoughts ? 
hey guys advice job based experience ? resume contractor contract ending 2 weeks extending job college product support engineer applying jobs ziprecruiter careerbuilder austin tx area past weeks replies question path ? resume good ? time learn skills ? advice greatly appreciated http imgur kxl0ono 
'm 4th year mechanical engineering student combined bs ms 6 years total beef resume personal project give advice project ideas ? reference strong theoretical understanding classes hands experience limited coding experience planning learning python pretty electronics electromechanical systems 

motorcycles engine threshold 10k miles 
intern working creating fixtures stuck process calculating tolerances hole spacing hole size make fixture accepts pins easy assembly disassembly specs pins spacing figure fixtures tolerances found good resource learn wondering recommendations ? place 
final year mech eng degree havent touched composites good source ? 
've looked 't find info 's mcmaster page http www mcmaster tooling component slot bolts http www mcmaster machine table slot nuts 14ikkaw 
'm working design project high gain antenna telecommunications application team worried unrelated sensors sensitive electronics antenna beam path haywire antennas switched roughly calculated field distance 11m sensitive electronics 11m radius antenna rf hardening ? empirically test field hot spots ? tentatively worried metallic structures field beam path affect signal quality reasonable fear ? 'm mechanical engineer basic knowledge rf design appreciated 



idea drone concept love advice engineers don feasible mind don engineering background electrician background science related simply drone enthusiast build drone travel long distances deliver light loads goods 5lbs drones today suffer battery technology good travel fly long periods time companies create hybrid drone platforms batteries hydrogen fuel cells drones fly long periods time create drone onboard computer cameras lidar technology variety sensors object avoidance operate autonomously create device drone inductive charging power lines picture mind drone ability fly power lines sensors onboard computers carrying 5lb package glide close power line rod sticking drone body seep electricity power lines hope imagining drone riding top power line touching rod pointed power line touching close wireless charging work power lines ? network country drone built batteries inductive charging capabilities lightweight carry packages weighing 5lbs slightly idea work imagine drones built companies amazon delivering packages fulfillment centers talking drone potentially delivering package amazon fulfillment center tennessee residency southern california flying power lines grabbing energy inductive charging drone electricity power lines potentially fly long distances ? scenario left lot obstacles overcome drone deliver packages companies faa arms drones flying close power lines fact power lines aren marked gps roads highways network digitally registered power line locations doesn exist drones unit basis cost create due technology built technology work ? 
reading posts engineering subreddits noticed people mentioning casio taking fe exam big ? 
capstone class state standards regulations project adhere idea category identifying specific current stage difficult 
'm curious made structure aluminium http smartstovefan wp content uploads 2015 07 stove fan p470 3 480 x480 jpg welded doesn 't cnc cut big block huge material waste casting thin proper casting 'm ideas 
live pretty small man made lake traveling 10 mph tops broken electric boat repair thought cool build scratch knowing cost arm leg figured 'd settle scale 1 8 model miraculously turns buoyant 'd build real deal wondering analyze design stability float understand buoyancy basic ways kinda 'm capsize immediately turn 5mph electric outboard motor don 't sob story inspirational triumph build boat dad 's [pics http imgur icuvw [sketchup file https www dropbox 5239 zdflavy2apa boat 20mk1 skp ? dl 0 time sketchup kinda hull important part 'm assuming idea add interior boat sketchup 
high school student schools free copy solidworks year subscription running cad program dont pay 150 student edition free cad programs respectable ? advise appreciated 

'm working mechanical wise wheel house steel manufacture threaded rod studs oilfield slips bops ? grade 8 medium carbon alloy steel quenched tempered minimum tensile strength 150 ksi custom rod 't readily modify existing rod make cutting lathe recommended finishing processes bring spec ? advance 
working personal project requires mass airflow sensor flow rates 0 60 min reverse engineer sensor http www mouser ds 2 187 awm730b5 253376 pdf primary question type element geometry ? differs kind primary element find information online sensor tappings directly element measure differential pressure replicated modeled [1 http imgur 1fexy2p jpg [2 http imgur qlmxymc jpg thinking 3d printing replicate testing familiar particulars type element accurate calculate discharge coefficient manual testing ? advice appreciated 
'm school project involving oxygen sensors 've reading lot online specifically narrow band works 'm hard time figuring stoichiometric rich downstream 'm interpreting correctly 're mounted exhaust manifold measure amount unburned oxygen exhaust difference atmospheric oxygen concentration exhaust fuel mixture lean oxygen fuel oxygen burns 's stoichiometric oxygen burn perfectly oxygen left rich hydrocarbons don 't burn cleanly oxygen burned confusing sensor tells difference stoichiometric rich leave oxygen exhaust ? feeling 'm missing appreciated 
opinion bias mechanical structural engineering representative engineering layman terms ? talks automatic winding mechanical watch purely mechanical landrover supermarine spitfire building empire state building awesome specimens engineering bothers lot understand people things mechanical parts engineered circuit heavy systems mechanical watches awesome wearing smartwatches engineering awesome quartz watch land rover defenders series ii absolutely awesome modern day land rover discos supermarine spitfires great engineering feat time surely 22s 35s tldr bias electronic engineering ? edit lot feedback opinions imho pulsecode9 [the convincing answer https www reddit engineering comments 5eac9s question bit discrimination daav2ej mirrorred 
finished bachelors long summer job called back pretty job stuck working panera bachelors environmental engineering project experience college years customer food service jobs drove crazy working applications improve skill set marketability engineering position ? skills autocad hazwoper cert considered coding courses finally fe exam 


long story short 'm short asian girl young age heels makeup 've resume turned univeristy internship fair told weren 't freshman applicants year school time watched mature applicants resumes accepted lower gpa experience 've interviewers pause funny face weren 't expecting 14 year applicant inform wrong lie date birth credentials wasn 't apologized pulled id showed wasn 't straight 14 year kid 's dress older sisters 20 's problems assuming 're middleschool high school matter dress mature sound speak genetic problem deal taking babyface ? 
hey guys bit background studied bachelors masters mechanical engineering passion automotive industry design engineering university fairly open minded interviews sectors automotive aerospace construction ended water engineering company graduate 've host responsibilities essentially project engineer managing projects start finish downsides cad work involved line work interests company 2 years feel bored move bit interesting 's factors involved wanting move underpaid massive fan company run lots field work move mechanical design sector worried longer stay struggle switch sector aim 've actively position 6 months 6 7 interviews luck found interest water related jobs offered interview company fairly local water based role mechanical project engineer cad design work involved question switching design oriented water job increase chances reasonable amount move automotive sector career ? top benefits money hold role mechanically product based feel 've 
'm wondering sources english books http www springer de book 9783540671428 http link springer book 10.1007 2f978 3 662 08165 5 http www springer de book 9783540122159 times sort german ability poor english versions equivalents 'd lot don 't call design catalogue object catalogue construction catalogue don 't thing english ideas books search term ? 
project working exists design robotic joint didn 't pan hoped joint consists bldc motor ball screw lead turn attaches lever arm lever arm rotates limb device design power angle lever arm spindle large 90 degrees maximum torque joints large range design fails function optimally entire problem illustrated images http imgur me5mu linearize transmission order torque constant range 140 degrees words force delivered spindle perpendicular outgoing limb order maximize torque entire range motion proved lot difficult thought ideas ? restrictions linear actuator bldc spindle note links papers deal problem appreciated idea search terms describe form actuation 
glimpse works good book read 
engineering dilemma hands awhile heat transfer class struggling analysis running volunteer urban agriculture operation abandoned factory parking lot factory electricity heat conducting winter gardening experiment makeshift indoor greenhouse ways mitigate heat loss area growing freezes plants die 's situation floor setting approximately 20 feet south facing windows determined sun reaches 15 feet floor hanging visqueen sheeting area 15 20 foot area sectioned floor ceiling approximately 1 foot thick concrete ceiling 14 feet windows 7 feet tall located ohio btw winters fairly cold people working volunteering convinced painting floor black increase heat retention justify spending money purchase black paint pretty limited funds sneaking suspicion black paint increases heat retention heat conduct area captured concrete radiating upwards closed space painting 275 gallon water tote black 30 gallons barrels cut half plants ? math ? ton advance 
'm mechanical engineering graduate canada registered eit british columbia apegbc company registering eit large chunk client base states eits lengthy fundamentals engineering exam kind hurdles expect run canadian ? thankyou 
curious 's pe test prep material study fe ? 
project 've involve modify existing part drawing parts unavailable lost hand inevitable leads errors luckily errors required modifications correct 'm pressing luck 'm thinking 3d scanner guys experiences 3d scanners ? btw hand held field parts simply remove operation 'm photogrammetry guys experience limitations photogrammetry respect 'm ? accurate ? 
thing ? handle offroading ? design ? 

engineering ppap production part approval process document details process developed understand basics 
[recent ethics post https np reddit engineering comments 5akuaz worst engineering submitted ongoing ethics issues [one upvoted lot https np reddit engineering comments 5akuaz worst engineering d9hgslp [upvoted considerably https np reddit engineering comments 5akuaz worst engineering d9hgp18 [downvoted visibility https np reddit engineering comments 5akuaz worst engineering d9hgzxw google project foghorn gave measuring cost nighttime wind power free 2 daytime cost wind heavy markets texas minnesota https www solveforx explorations foghorn sounds project management business failure ethics care explain 'm missing ? 's simple mathematical calculation businesspeople asked break engineers replied daytime retail electricity failed mention nighttime wind don 't 's clear ethical error omission ? responses considered competence constraint analysis issue unethical question personally draw line significant acceptable omission unethical mistake ? 
adviser research nano particles pubmed told page present microsoft word told proper formatting bullets figure format 
's container type gas 's container glass box 2ftx2ftx2ft 'm cycling gas chamber instrument determine density gas specific points container precisely measurement top bottom 'm solid method isn 't reccommendations ? 
'm automate tedious test technicians work turn computer flip lever turn computer flip lever back starting position lever moves 120 degrees moving requires significant torque 300 oz 'm guessing flipping 'm biomedical engineer training hoping pointers sort motor design 'm brushed dc motors supply torque issue 'm stalling motor constantly ? figure 'll set timer operate full simplicity 'm gearing motor lower rpm creating feedback mechanism turn motor flipped lever thoughts ? 



'm item essentially function thrust washer prevent rotating similar nut shaft shoulder countersunk piece acrylic basically bottom countersink shaft rubbing acrylic concern acrylic melt seize shaft shaft 1 2,000 rpm shaft 3 8 dia aluminum roughly estimating 3lbs load axially max varying directly shaft rpm essentially press fit flanged brass bushing flange inside machine exist 't find assembly miniature pneumatic cylinder stroke motor blow drives piston 's 2 4 4 basically demo science fair type things fancy desk ornament 

'm mixing valve electric actuator industrial chilled water system typically call rep mrc back week 'd spec directly manufacturer middleman 

askin 's good references pv plant maintenance 's worth reading ? heads 'll maintenance engineer pv plant scada monitoring system advance 
large cast aluminum part machined shipped facility parts supported ten points shipping racks noticed ten points ten points black grease appearing parts grease isn 't point shipment time arriving samples analyzed showed grease carbon oxygen aluminum silicon mixture fatty acids parts washed shipment 'm wondering mwf inside porous surface seep 15 day truck time rubbing polypro shipping racks turning black ? interaction detergent mwf ? advice appreciated 
bounce ideas absorption refrigeration 
teaching engineering class high school level large amount quality uniform cardboard information printed https drive google open ? id 0b8ehklh qasdqznisfllouxcodq information conjunction website http www psimd box performance cardboard withstand 30 lbs linear inch case students 8 inches cardboard order hold 200 lb human tensors high school students predict strength count ? assume cardboard hold 10 30 lbs inch ? students build chairs seat 18 inches floor formula involving height predict weight cardboard edge hold ? 
'm thinking majoring aerospace engineering 'm pretty good math science based courses writing literature heard write papers 've interested aerodynamics type machine airplanes helicopters type space related technology questions aerospace engineering ? recommend ? 's good path ? aerospace engineering similar field advise aerospace ? ? 
curious ways make truck roal coal train size scale redneck purposes 

repost remote switch wire electric seed spreader rc seed spreader https imgur gallery d41bq place 
software helps sort list materials spreadsheet materials melting point 800 sort density database sql sink lot time setting database server fronted options ? 
wondering realistic idea constructing basic single cylinder engine ? im talking basic design show fundamentals engine works mates planning school project basic understanding petrol motor works knowledge pretty impossible task group high school students construct valve timings air fuel mixture feedback welcomed 
originally posted aviation didn 't reception thought relevant empire strikes back kid impressed watching yoda lift luke 's 65 wing swamp dagobah watch scene 'm blown luke hops fires flies halfway galaxy preflight 'm pretty faa pull 15 's cert faster flew dagobah swamp wing crashed sat bottom god long thought salt fog nightmare deal technical requirements document wait alien swamp questionable toxicity section yeah 's sci fi fictional durability parsecs impressive fictional hyperdrive watch sci fi stuff man 'd hate engineer compile environmental qual reports 65 



engineering 's bi weekly advice mega thread prospective engineers questions university major selection career paths tips resumes 're student professional engineers advice leave comment engineers give feedback 're engineers sort thread questions people answered check engineeringstudents 
interview years ago elon musk gave years ago asked 's difficult make hydrogen store car hydrgoen energy storage mechanism 's source energy hydrogen water electrolysis extremely inefficient energy process solar panel energy charge battery pack directly compared split water hydrogen dump oxygen compress hydrogen extremely high pressure liquefy put car run fuel cell half efficiency 's terrible ? makes sense hydrogen low density 's pernicious molecule likes place 'll metal embrittlement leak hydrogen gas invisible 't 's leaking 't 's leaking invisible flame questions 1 infrastructure required hydrogen fuel cells large justify replacement battery powered cars ? opposing view fast growth battery powered industry justify fuel cells ? present problems expensive materials low capacities short relative lifespans 's reference video start 10 05 https www youtube watch ? 1hdtwsj81sc 
household project 've working draw continuous flow dripping constant flow rate [the design 've working http imgur vdzo62g piston pushed constant velocity give constant discharge fluid 'm working high viscosity 1000 cst question require sort flow control valve device opening ensure reliable flow ? suggest simple mechanism attaining constant dripping flow welcomed edit 1 container perfectly sealed air enter 2 tank capacity 100 ml 3 flow rate small drop 6 7 seconds 4 fluid tank type oil costly waste constant low flow rate required 5 'm majorly concerned happen orifice constant velocity part 2nd edit responses 'm suggestion ahead 's doable engineering 

https www youtube watch ? 675 lbmayrdy capacitor spark created capacitator sufficiently charged read disconnect circuit make discharge 
taking pe exam state year required 4 years experience unsure exam specialty undergraduate mechanical work semi mechanical electrical design engineer masters materials science engineering recent degree dont exam mechanical mechanical systems metallurgy field mechanical material science failure analysis foundry ? 
decent excel based energy model apartment buildings hotels share ? learn energy buildings make accurate fuel gas electricity consumption predictions future developments 


'm surveyor work wide variety projects small residential development multi million dollar municipal projects question civil engineers pay attention grid ground scale factors distances designing project ? prefer work ? compensate things pipe lengths grid projects ? clients grid dot don 't taking 'm handle mentioned type civil work residential large commercial municipal answering gauge markets handle quick simplified refresher measure distance state plane coordinate system utm projection distance points gird cad file shorter distance measured ground due projection distances curved earth distances flat plane area tenth tenths thousand feet half foot foot half mile 
find involving engineering ? 
's started car company make engine toyota camry ? line drawn tech reusable copyrighted ? 
12 stupid broke middle school stole 100 dollars candy arkansas system cbarged felony records expunged sealed background check show prevent job electrical engineer nuclear power plant ? 
people hvac engineers run job owner install nest similar thermostats control vrf variable refrigerant flow systems ? condo building apartment air conditioned air handlers served single vrf heat pump heat pump 's compressor modulates meet space cooling heating requirements problem nest 'stat y1 y2 wires 1 stage 2 stage cooling control compressor modulate operating 1 stage 2 stages ? applies heating appears present nest 'stat diminish performance vrf systems converting stage compressors input ? 
kind engineering issues raise ? 
telescoping tube extend force gravity materials ? 
research paper published wondering good undergraduate student target ? 
't find resources discussion reddit internet suggestions seek leading defensible methodologies research field energy siting ? 'm consulting involved supporting energy siting process past year evaluating potential routes alternatives overhead underground electric transmission underground gas pipelines projects work typically span municipalities service area growing team support larger scale projects relative controversies surround energy projects started working projects companies preferred project designs pan balance cost environmental concerns local concerns vetted incorporated issue projects aren 't striking balance level public awareness involvement opposition growing point energy companies attacked fully evaluating balancing cost environmental impacts traditional methods routing evaluations defensible resulting months months legal battles bad publicity huge divide energy providers energy consumers industry wide conversation issue growing energy growing public involvement insight learn involved ? 

dear engineering 2 university students designing solution company techniques solve company 's problem overview situation radiators transported roller conveyor piled picked pick place machine full stacks put roller conveyor buffer space radiators 4 brackets meant fixation wall stacking radiator rest brackets buffer space collect products production lanes buffer paint shop radiators stacks unpiled paint shop paint shop consists bath paint high electrical current provide equal thickness paint surface radiator problem radiators stacked tend slide transported weight stack damage bottom radiator mind glue radiator stacking process 4 dots hot glue brackets brings problem removal unpiling stack paint shop aesthetic reasons paint shop residual material radiator pollute paint rolling conveyor improved fitting cylinders reduce rocking radiators fix damage caused bottom radiator possibilities strengthen piles radiators don 't slide anymore reading 


project rpi 3 feed data ecu car assuming city cars denso 's send data ecu protocol ? interface rpi ? serial interface ? reply asap edit 'm providing info feed road speed limit ecu car compare current speed speed limit speed higher speed limit motor controlled butterfly open speed car increase accel pressed 

don 't engineering background wondering 's good book technical people understand engineers problems 'm improve critical thinking skills business life recommendations ? 
iontophoresis electrodes stimulate transdermal drug delivery works understand physics happening understanding anode positively charged ion skin close cathode buffer ions connected power source 've heard anode ag cathode agcl electric field introduced positively charged ions driven skin happen ? flow ions electrons ? circuit completed ? 


point direction good comprehensive book designing operating adsorption stripping systems 

'm mechanical guy completely comfort zone 're replying 'm complete novice resin infusion process composite part hold 60 short term fluctuations aren 't important ideally 'd closed loop system control temperature output 're decide 're heating idea begin hardware pointed correct direction cheaper obscure thought 'd 
hey designing hard stops sitting bottom shafts flat plate cylindrical 2 inches diameter 75 hole middle slide shaft sit bottom shaft don 't move 1 thick made nylon assembly weights 35 pounds pushed hard stops traveling 2.25 pushed air cylinder outputs 130 pounds worried hard stops cracking originally wanted make delrin didn 't material told make nylon things brittle solidworks fea loading 500 pounds account impact force factor safety 3 issue 'm exact amount impact shock force time collision takes don 't guess dont feel great case question wanted make hard plastic sound dampening effect stainless steel hard stops assembly slammed loud hoping plastics thud nylon decent choice material application ? don 't crack 

find real world examples mechanisms work similarly pinball flipper end goal make human powered simply inspiration looked rotary motion tattoo gun suggest similar fringes dissimilarity 



work company designs biomass boilers fgt systems proposal australia requesting stack 30m high minimum gas temperature 150 degc gas velocity 12 ensure proper dispersal pollutants propose change taller stack lower temperature 130 degc possibly higher velocity client long prove achieve dispersion calculation isn offer insights greatly appreciated 
've searching don 't correct terminology find answer 'm current job site doors magnetic locks understand magnetic locking bit bit don 't understand doors lead elevator bank enter client side elevator push door walk turn wait door close pull handle locks move badge doors direction door ? 
engineering guess question people experience maintenance industrial engineering 'm report schedule plan types maintenance work stop production productivity plant maximized theories books articles tackle issue ? context hot rolling mill steel factory advance 


dear engineers dfm engineers electronics manufacturing industry explain career path versatille engineering industry dfm engineer ? 

thermal chamber hear motor vibration loudly day check bolts mounting motor chamber notice surface bolt screwed rusted ? check bolts mounting motor place 
people tasked working lutheran world relief foundation figure readable efficient turn cacao husk fertilizer philippines 're offered chance travel country group divided travel 1 travel december resources current methods bounce basic ideas natives detail problem idea final design 100 percent applicable 2 travel march implement designs developed colorado information start designs lets locals word final decision con higher chance missing key desires 've mixed opinions people opinion actual engineers idea optimal ? 

autocad seeking define characteristics curvilinear surface balloon build object rest surface perfectly wrinkling scrunching ultimately created printed imagine simplified poorly articulated complex set activities feel free point tutorial url started learning building 
trouble 14 years ago 18 'm 32 3 felonies day sealed long story short hell bsee degree university central florida summer 've applying jobs months luck feel shot dark wondering suggestions places apply literally work long related degree feel continue interviews shot run background check cousin job works hes control engineer sounded promising bosses boss contractors work issue found depressing demoralizing advance 
reddit working project accurately measure small range large force made graph http imgur eogn3 picture http imgur ih65o understand 'm basically thousand pound structure arm moving measure forces due arm moving forces due arm moving small comparison initial weight structure find strain gauge force transducers measure total load 1 full load capacity measure weight full structure high accuracy arm moving accuracy unacceptable hoping find solution bias error high accuracy measurement smaller range sensor support large load piezoelectric force transducers wasn 't capabilities honest confused accuracy measurement specifications linearity sensitivity overload simple accuracy experience area greatful support provide explaining concept 
transition mep firm applying consulting contracting firms absolutely knowledge autocad training institute building courses autocad revit start ? lot people advise learn revit start learning autocad ? 'm planning send ny cv mep firms today wait finish courses apply ? revit contractors ? revit consultants ? uae ? fyi job 'm switch sales projects 
make virtual pitcher game virtual golf 'd projecter put video game screen detect things ball hits screen fast ball vision detection trivial detect position ball duck hunt style white flash hits screen extra precision software side easy problem don 't radar gun part 've decades detecting hit wall team system cost cheap laptop low grade radar gun projector detects hit back wall system 600 sold markup leaguers interested pitching reports fast ball time kids interest past putting zombie hunting alien smashing games 
design funnel drains water lands scale measures constant number entire pour sum weight water poured force required slow water falling constant bernoulli 's equation involved don 't achieve goal volume water poured exact height funnel suspended determined 2 3 meters scale 
weeks ago mokick stopped working kickstarter blocked wheel today finally receiving required tools openend engine falling [pic http imgur m2dir apparently broken teeth blocked gears backwheel blocked 's simson s51 b1 4 btw 
time efficiency 'm gonna copy paste letter submitted awr support im hurry im find formatting fine mail create em structure order simulate curcuit consinsting transmission lines define parameters enclosure options found obstacle overcome reach support advance problem occures change thickness material 'materials tab create 35.56 um thick copper material draw desired transmission lines enter correct size seemingly accepts made reality click switch tab 'enclosure option thickness random number cases 3556 0 1 global length unit set mm states lenghts considered approach needed dielectric layers started draw structure software created air layers sizes changed settings layer thicknesses making unable method define parameters stackup object results pleased resolving issue unable finish project support additional information 10.04 6079 version product win7 ultimate 64 bit system 

announcements nasa pathways internships country small windows apply 're interested don 't procrastinate http nasajobs nasa gov studentopps employment opportunities htm 
's experience universal robot robotiq ? find gripper attach ur5 robot pick place aluminum part 2lbs oil 

engineering meets physical therapy awful posture desk job spent upwards 80,000 3d scanners company 'm curious kind options exist 'd scan specifically upper back daily afford expensive things guess prefer afford 50,000 dollar car light scan device ? ideas ? 
figuring kind motor spec project similar https www youtube watch ? time continue 12 fob jmjykvy access 110 outlets 
reddit work factory makes product glass tube filled water insert bubble tube track ir notice tubes stop uniformly hydrophilic bubble deformed looked ways tubes hydrophilic exploring etching called piranha solution increases hydrophilicity sounds dangerous house 've googling left company similar service 've company rest universities companies decorative glass etching place send large batches glass tubes treated piranha solution similar ? 

's control temperature small chamber generate air recirculate temperature 12 'x12 100 normal room pressure found japanese wondering local http www kansaidennetsu test 04 01 04 01 htm http www ebay ca itm taketsuna tsk 10 electric hot air generator auto temperature controller heater 181142007623 
recent engineering graduate canada increasingly curious working usa tn nafta professionals concerns job posting requirement job listed legal work country applied company sponsorship time restriction nafta work usa long renew status 3 years good fulfill listed requirement ? 

hey engineering idea today create engineering notebook 's wanted notebook hard bound graph paper pages usual notebook 3 colored pens fit top margin notebook open pick pen snap top margin notebook concealed notebook closed notebook ribbons hold place 'd bible exist ? great worry carrying pens sticking notepad 'm time ideas engineering notebook ? 
engineering 's bi weekly advice mega thread prospective engineers questions university major selection career paths tips resumes 're student professional engineers advice leave comment engineers give feedback 're engineers sort thread questions people answered check engineeringstudents 
question bothering 'm civil engineering junior student working engineer apply theory concept method don 't remember haven 't learned ? library ? internet ? time 
designing triangular shaped header pipe multiple inlet orifices varying size designed flow water performing cfd simulations verify orifice sizing correct velocities triangular pipe higher outer side lower expected calculate flow hydraulic diameter triangular duct ? thought hydraulic diameter reynold 's number calculation actual cross section area flow velocity calculations 
folks place post time building gas handling system experiment 'm working 'm dealing pure slightly flammable gas relief valve proportional reliefs synthetic seal materials prone outgassing safety department concerned fire hazards retain purity order ppm 've fair amount research parts system 'm trouble finding relief valve fits requirements ideally find relief metallic components 've distributors 't find 'm ? suggestions similar systems ? 

quick question 'm hoping work 're find cut thin metal tubing 320 microns od recall problem wire cutters blade essentially crimps end seals pain fix figure common problem exists sort tool technique experience share ? 

perk meaning 9 80 schedule catered lunches free long work 
http imgur klwelii transformer 'm headphone amp amplication kit sign kind malfunctioning ? guess varnish normal stuff black nylon sketched reminds batteries 've bad http imgur ttj212d http imgur h2m6xj7 
find method continuously measuring coordinates center mass object changing location measurement found online existing products measure center mass continuously existing methods find coordinates axes perpendicular gravity multi point weighing platform rotating object remeasuring coordinates center mass object angle find coordinate http www space electronics products se90168 method utilize vibration response spring suspended object subjected initial perturbation order determine point location center mass http resonic de resonic php methods work great accurate objects static center mass center mass moving tracked work method continuously measure coordinates center mass object challenge wondering clever ideas point direction 
hey engineering recently hired engineering assistant small civil engineering consulting firm weeks 've told working subpoenas legal documentation taking responsibilities 'd love hear professional engineers legal documentation part career affects daily work average legal documentation construction project medium sized apartment complex ? experience legal paperwork conflict engineering ethics ? handle ? common complications handling legal paperwork related issues ? feel free add comments advice 'm wasn 't belonged megathreads moved 
integral differential equations limits algebra calculus puts gun head asks solve problems literally 't book refresh mind ? book teaches scratch ? 

made rough model human femur subjected forces similar experienced femur walking jumping realized stresses experienced model shaft closely resemble structure cortical bone human femur simulation assumed bone uniform solid isotropic linear elasticity real life bone anisotropic isn 't uniform anisotropic nature bone makes strongest axis exerted force model bones evolved characteristics result stresses shown model thought fun experiment enjoy pictures simulation human femur http imgur 53tkasj jpg http c8 alamy comp ey9jf8 cross section model normal upper femur leg ey9jf8 jpg 


unusual problem work happening single cylinder internal combustion engine naturally aspirated natural gas fuelling carburettor driving electrical generator constructed closed loop speed control system throttle engine constant speed sensing speed vrs stepping throttle angle load grid connected electrical generator coupled grid recifier grid tied inverter machine operating good period time months recently unusual behaviour observed power system works starter motor starts engine engine idles grid tied inverter detects voltage coming rectifier connects grid pulling amount power input voltage generator permanent magnet machine output voltage directly proportional speed driven output fixed 1kwe 2200 rpm previously full electrical loading throttle angle approximately 16 20 degrees open engine undergoes grid loading transient throttle continuest open 90 degrees fully open exhibits behaviour speed setpoint full power 1kw strange thing ideas happening ? 

'm create http imgur 3udub4t png problem solid copper wires spring back 's original shape construction flatten 've creating wooden cone wrap copper leaving 24 hrs flattens wooden cone appreciated 
oil product suitable simultaneous hydraulic power transmission bearing lubrication ? 
failure mode occur kill pilot ? vendor don 't expect test accept system vendor 't fail 'd fix pm hits mute button pm motherfucker unmute vendor 'll test pilots fail kill bench test ? vendor full test catch interaction cases 'll careful point 'm watch cnn pass 
current plan college major computer engineerig love math programming 'm interested kind jobs college 
context competition year full project prototype make cad make drawing sheets topic today year 's competition learned team structure matters don 't 4 people project 've agreed biggest issue year lack communication timing job structure ? 
've 's half finished design parts add internal external spur gear interaction due design complete 't change center distance 'm machinist 's handbook edition 26 's section designing external spur gears set center distance 2012 section designing internal gear systems 2048 equations generate operating pitch diameter equations pitch diameter operating pitch diameter generated 2012 generate proper working dimensions internal gears equations apply external gears ? advice resources designing internal gear systems set center distances ? 

wind shear stress calculations shipping containers shipping containers converted residential structures 'm building similar structure municipality similar structures created area county specifically famous sea ua apartment complex washington dc information appreciated 
question designers fem programs analyse cad models analyse show part model orange yellow stage deformation red green colours program show colour critical area critical areal shows smaller deformation pretty high stress results good work od redesign conponent making stronger ? 
question title study program objective measures competency levels possibly add resume train thought leads question 


people filling cars time pumping octane opposite sides pumping station person filled car full person half filling full speed person filled tank starts topping car engaging pump bit pump auto shutoff cuts flow repeatedly attempt put gas car person filling car feels effect auto shut engaging repeatedly person perceived sensation pressure building dropping hose gas pump sync person side pump watching meter change speed filling back fourth pull pump lesser amount gas flowing cars tank person accurate amount gas metered person repeatedly topping car ? 
engineering 's bi weekly career mega thread employers prospective employees post job offerings wanted ads network fellow engineers thread kinds jobs employer leave comment ready answer clarifying questions prospective employees job give description background expertise kind work sort thread find postings unanswered check forhire 
'm year aerospace student research tail cone jet engines reason find tail cone reduces turbulence exhaust air increases thrust elaborate give detailed explanation ? pictures https upload wikimedia org wikipedia commons 4 4c jet engine svg specifically back end https qph ec quoracdn net main qimg 7889 f9757c48f9e59504b2b1fda53d9e ? convert webp true 
'm working determining prevalence coeliac disease diabetic type 1 patients morocco lack anti ttg igg elisa kits complete testing 3 kits exact don 't producing companies distibute imported kits germany 'm thinking write mails approach ? 

'm playing gato tag 

's great showcase people dis abilities 
sister dramatically explaining experience patient icu today care barely holing life shot 18 times horrible case surprised made alive girlfriend gosh ? sister 18 girlfriend birthday ? 


hey guys sound cheesy 'm 'm posting subreddit saturday give printed typography paper personally design pun des call mae good [here 's sample http imgur j4m4wfc jpg problem make designs 'm running puns 's list 've des puns hardest wordes words widest uncondesionally unconditionally drives dessert fades des holidess happy holidays desperate desision decision decades desert destination dress dress despresso espresso mae puns maend hope don 't maend mind maecadamia macadamia maengo mango maecaroni macaroni maeple maple lifetimae lifetime imaegine imagine chamaeleon chameleon caramael caramel achievemaent achievement gmaes games maek make drmae dream dramey dreamy maesure measure blmae blame maet mate climaet climate ultimaet ultimate maebe mae mae happen maen maent 're meant amaezing amazing maeutiful beautiful maechiatto macchiato 'd guys puns reserved edit formatting 

fake oranges favorite film ? pulp fiction 



area called consti patio 
murder mysteries 

's burning question 

's officially victim salt 




pause 

motto toobie toobie 

catscan 


warp party 

real 
's farmer dell 
'sday 
boots 


sisyphilis 
doesn 't make cents 
'll marrying family 
wok 
ken bone dian 


grew sold thousands florists world called flowers nomasia singular plural field house nomasia day man found dead nomasia hand joke written shirt detective arrived scene instantly pun dead man 's clothes 's ? asked officer nearby officer answered 's pair nomasia 
shamefully 've granite 
stalk 's soya 

share lot history 
's place chrome hollandaise 
's red haha 4 years 
buck 


toucan play game 

live bae area 
doctor 's today asked told day colleague driving work save fuel simultaneously saving planet passing mountain sudden felt sharp pain wrists turns carpool tunnel syndrome 

mirror reflects light 't picture mirror ? 
al gore rhythm 
calculations cloud 

apple selling record numbers iphone 7 units samsung remembered hottest tech company year 
laying ground apple sharp edges made half eaten sharp visually basic color hue saturation decided bathroom leak pulled python whizz feel bowels rumble java poop sit deed washing hands soap vacate restroom head kitchen time tired thirsty decide make homebrew bump crash bang cereal bowl 
serial port 
mist 

albu turkey 
starting music group called vital organ trio love puns event postings facebook 've find punny hours guess 'm wired 
years word play 's called pun farr 
's called hebrew 

god nv 
've recently tea 

made sense reddit 

king grains bible 
positive reinforcements 
wrap 

costs arm leg 
app centered dogs 'm introducing level system 7 levels clever dog pun names level list gist levels boring love pun skills work 1 amateur 2 junior varsity 3 varsity 4 park captain 5 professional player 6 park star 7 olympian dog 
al gore rhythms 



're 
reference [link wiki http darksouls3 wiki fextralife bosses kind news headline style choir leader fired sexual innuendo lewd cantor video demand street vod boring alley man 's brutal cousin turns great bloke raw ted great dude panic spreads toilet facilities world cry stall age man orders book basic letters daughters belongings abc watch 's sams brother cheats dude dean cons peep ride amusement park offers wide range emotions high low woo nah weird hard describe dessert cold lemon thing star stand rises puntiff sulyvahn pirates start eating fava beans drink required yo ho chianti long lived man unusual apetite fish rick devourer cods bacteria town devastating disease strikes inhabitant working hotel cancer borrelia valet roman god cubid ordered woman cave kill drag slay amor osiris 's statue marriages people started call osiris consummated thing choir leader transformed mushroom champignon cantor english man leader polish airplane company nicknamed lot rick impatient tree person attacks random mythical hunter antsy ent hern ? horse named elvis making noise man shouts neigh king child opens chocolate egg white spirit jumps soul kinder typos 

chubject 

told mufasa 

boyfriend love jew puns 'm thinking lets shower hoco jew hoco lets bake hoco ideas ? 
allot 



's great day pump kin 
cardiac arrest 
breath smells eating booty groceries 
pedo files 
xeroxyribonucleic acid 





fruit flies banana 
wallhalla 




investigator 


accused shilling 



word play 
play words sexually frustrated sea mammals 'm russ whale wife bayleen months ago gave birth calf humphrey convinced mother law whale watch tonight 's long drop humphrey head home hook wife arrive sealion ? wife 'm undeterred patented move humpback slight groan bayleen rus poking back ? rus 's porpoise 're time forever bayleen 'm tired haven 't sleep humphrey making nurse shark smell ambergris rus hamburgers ? bayleen hamburgers shower rus rus takes quick shower returns bayleen asleep rus humpback maneuver rus sperm whale rus slightly blubbering make outs odd noises word 'blowhole rus cries sleep fin 


woodstock 

friend couldn 't ketch 
's grown 
hoarse 

've fish chip shop called fishcoteque kebab shop called abrakebabra good nazi memorabilia antique shop ? suggestions gratefully received equiry purely interest plans opening 
'm curious priced pound 


lost temper 
reflect 
drove insane 
told excelled office positive outlook life explorer ideas word 
seasoning 
affleck 
toad 

london mini mum security prison 
's called trans murs 
banh mi 

lights room 

'm playing eel upcoming musical impress castmates electrifying eel puns examples don 't feel spark anymore 're sea eel bites knee 's moray 's shocking 


impressive marxman 
dobbelgranger 
'll abstain tomorrow punnance 


'm chilli 's 
dwarf mystic escaped jail call small medium large 


love waisted 
's da beta bowl 
're uplifting 

high definition 

's real gayme changer 
duet 
samsung furiously taking notes 
sister emergency room degree burns foot cooking oil puns make fun thanksgiving merciless edit great 're puns big hits pun username context end dinner asked insane pun credits cases pretty funny context entries great 
'll call linkedin park 
make rosterfarian ? 
harembe 
tenants 
walks door coming back 3 00pm break coworker rest day ? coworker pants small tear sat tore damn dude rip pants 
saddened hear passing arnold palmer recently 'm big golf guy deserves legacy great golfer inventor note deserves recognition front story golf tour turkey lot trouble sand traps spot invented type pitching wedge designed broader face open sweet spot traps faster sadly don 't 'll remembered inventor open faced turkey sand wedge 

don 't alaska fisherman 
guess chicken 

branch 
hands wordy 


hashish sheen 
apparently 's travel light 

's believable 
trouter space 
gave election 
repeating 'm wigwam 'm teepee 'm wigwam 'm teepee told calm man 're tents 
spirit 
delaware dell aware 'm 'm proud double pun moment 



kebabs ? 
'm setting fridge magnet company 't good puns ? 

shouldn 't spoons ? 
shaqles 
catastrophe 
seizure salad 

hobbit forming 






jeanius 

owl rhythm 
feel 've heard brazilian times 
tin 



olfactory 
york jersey hampshire mexico newbraska 

cheese whiz 
hey curious puns involving word nest 've nestquick 



decided tarsal puns 

introduced tally ban 
isn 't book hitchhiker 's guide galaxy ? 


whale disclaimer made wanted spread joy joke 
lot low key lighting 
pop hops 
's dog person 

tenant run kfc didn 't built ancient indian aerial grounds 
buzzfeed 
illinois ed 
year sing happy girthday 
dying flue live longer turning grate responsibility symbol blessing make transfer complete pass mantel 

vanpyres 

glock balls 




naval base full discharged seamen 
'm president high school club called future investors puns accompany advertisement facebook instagram invest time meaningful future investors promise won 't loan 'll form lot bonds high roi joining don 't laughing stock meeting 9 19 

king love spanish armada fact warships fight group jesters escaped juggler recently read gulliver 's travels swift read read book traveling hell ? 's dante ing read animals fight lord high sheriff 's tights ? ten piggies calves rooster ass vikings raided royal cheese supply left de brie met wizard told looked mana action unskilled mason forget put water supply castle angry archer surly convinced cross bowman failed stone cutter lost job bounty hunter find quarry nun spilling sacramental wine made bad habit pope enjoys chocolate boat sailing indulgences pope loves summer infallible fae fell love fauning knight suffered boils lanced wood nymph lotion ? dryad skin 
's fallacy 
land waves back ? 

haram bae ? 

people lions end august regularity begin prepare winter day arrive pride fall 

'll dammed 
lot feeling trumpmatized 



ovaries 
master bait 
https twitter chocoreaper status 801655592091668480 
'll watch character named vlad impala 



arrested battery charges 's bi polar 
super crossed puns 'd greatly guys drop cheesiest puns 

puns loving includes vinyl records 
hygiena 
's gyro gotham deserves 

don 't progressive lenses 
parents don 't kids straighten anymore 


couldn 't remember throw boomerang eventually back 
'm warning winged 
bing cheers 
stollen 
oral mad 
rolling admissions 


called waist thyme 
absolutely remarkable 
overreacting 

mass 'chew sets 


landlord 
called canine 
pg 13 

tailor swift 



suck hockey 
dairy 
rubber band 




surprise girl 's dressed angel great puns ya 'll fella ? 



negative space 

anonimbus 

's wholly place 
'm hospital hospital related puns 


dawn tough greece 
integerms 


papa 's guinea 
deleted emale 



'm pence 
boatee goatee boat yay nautical humour 
mew sician 
pug boat 
asked brrrr ito en chill ata 
staying hotel lifts bottom half top intrigued system asked manager response fairly terse funny business lift strictly stay needed higher section building leading top lift move effort persuasion shift 'd fiddled pushed buttons slowly made 's point realised manager simply stiff upper lift 
pair docs paradox 
broommates 
veteran pillsbury spokesman pop fresh died wednesday severe yeast infection 71 buried friday biggest funerals years dozens celebrities turned including mrs butterworth california raisins hungry jack betty crocker hostess twinkies graveside piled high flours longtime friend aunt jemima delivered eulogy describing fresh man knew kneaded fresh rose quickly show business life filled turnovers considered smart cookie wasted dough half baked schemes crusty man roll model millions fresh survived wife children oven funeral 3 50 20 minutes 



wanted air tight argument 
needless shawty 'eau 

charge 
deaf destroyer worlds 
frosted flake 
invention broom swept nation 

manslaughter 


menorah tee 

peter johnson job chinese restaurant learning make items menu great dishes notes ended word smackdown confused asked cooks jian recipes 'smackdown step ? 's easy smell cooking drain wok johnson 
2020 vision 20 20 vision 
krillminal 


called ocean 
[this https imgur zje2esz jpg 

make 
't elope 
pencil vania 
told commitment issues 
impressed told light beer 
don 't hard 
tired 
thai food legume 

didn 't botany 
charged battery 
time 

cowculator 
nectarines alo peaches ? 
pew diepie 
paws 
glistening wait isn 't badpuns ? crap 
dirty double crosser 

gluten tag 
perfect case 
'm pulling knighter 
pear pressure 
's tomorrow 

didn 't spell checker 
crowning achievement swallowed trophy couldn 't poop 

creating superhero project english loan shark names isn 't fighting student debt thought finn 't 

girl cheesy tagliatelle ? 
told wing 

canola 
rare 

splenda uncle 
punta cana buy beer ? 
's fucking tents 
onionteresting 

asked wouldn 't thoreau cleaning 


gave cold shoulder 
original song big mutts lie 
didn 't gear 




moosegow 

fine tax bad tax fine fine state 're 
wanted long doggie 

jesus puns insane incredible recomend pun enthusiasts 
anne 's bush tastes piss tho 

songs knock offs 
teams preferably pick names players team names inanimate carbon tyrod simpsons tyrod taylor adrian beat son adrian peterson child abuse 100 degrees kelvin kelvin benjamin science 




sundae school 
didn 't toup 
offal food 
radiohead karma police 
leader stalin 



chilitos 


loco motives 
whore 
's turner writes books wife paige 're good 't put talk doesn 't cell phone guess 'll page turner writes page turners paige turner 
tents 
venice italy 

con templating ? 

's 90 degrees 
overdose viagra die hard ? 




set northern china movie rite passage jaded aimless chinese chef falls love worn cooking pan friends scorned develop powerful inspirational relationship discover truths cooking people lifetime learn 's called wok remember 

general 
horny 's easy 
jean pool 
's mitosis 
shitty mine drunk friend 
logs 
trump 
didn 't jack 
spare ribs 



mumbai 
japanese olympic track field team typical asian make thing harder fashion announced hey sticking regimen malformed decade half equipment rigged pop unexpectedly order secure hopes olympic glory counter intuitive kadauo osakamizu analyst team claims historic cultural precedent odd exercises quote mr osakamizu insists idea team excel par materials executing wins equipment good concern foreseeable future japan pinning hopes teenage mutant ninja hurdles 
hose source youtube channel 
holy crap 


're sign times 

guts 
've 


commercials sell finest wrist timepieces don 't ? watch 
god love dog 


algorithms 

bombed stage 

exorcise 


flab bergasted appearance 
instance pun ? 

fideo castro 

mail ballot 
bar tender ya eh ? man replies 's aboot pint lager ? bartender hands beer man asks pointing crying russian man opposite end bar 's deal ? ? 's vladimir putin 

time money 

mazel tov cocktail 
black meowket 

current events people sea 
stairs 
poem poy em 

's hard 
wouldn 't pass reefer 

conjugate 
udder failure 
batman 's stuff electronic ? run bat teries ? 
norway dude 
's haram bae 

attire 
starts coffin 

cornwall 
jehovah 's fitness 
harm fowl 
cancer breast 



isn 't black white issue 
shouldn 't dicks haram bae 
fundarnmental epuns https www reddit fundarnmental epuns submit willy wittiest photos wordplay world looked good place link hope don 't punished 

bayou beer ? 
con puns year quote don 't judge 


mylonite 

cunnilinguist 
early innovations artillery rated pg 
embrybros 
bedder 

sparks interest ignites conversation tho isn 't heated discussion hot topic 
good science jokes argon science teacher 
guys finding toe related puns friend broke toe greatly appreciated 
told 
workout plan run directly cars highway stop exhausted decided run front cars tired 

chameleon 


talk ghosts 


descendants 
'm hitch hiking face europe winter 60 teams prize team race finishes prague 't ideas ? 

work colleague mine ted recently caught stealing work supplies brother grant shame 'd told happen day caught told 't taking things grant ted 
wanting posting [shower thought admit repost reddit subconsciously red 
called esco bars 
ashley medicine 


bethle ham 
affinity bonds 

agar kisine favde ka galat istemaal kiya unearth hoo jayega 
katana isn 't straight sword 
immolation 
afterall devices back opted total recall 
circrumbference 

inclogneato 


's thai man time 
neigh sayer 
propose toast 

buoy ant 
's dirty 


found pee 

plump er 

snowden 
integral part mathematics 
rolling admissions 
moogosh sound load bull steer deja moo sung tune fresh prince bel air puns cows milk flipped churned minute won stop prattle story haven herd cattle istanbull born braised pastures back haydays chewing cud rumping round making fuss tanning udderly ridiculous couple heifers beef started bullying brand tipped mom scared 're moovin butt dairy air whistled calf thought babe steer steak rare bovine bo fine didn care milked times 7 8 long gonehorn reliable date chucked udder half pasture bevo ain cow don fun fact dairy cow produce 125 lbs saliva day 
're apolling 
simple attack comments section puns 
high thai de 


didn 't planet 
guys lack creativity wondering cool pun tv show famous person marketing subject 
rock 
mugged 

whichever caesar dressing 

bert 
'd work candidates names todd young evan bayh 've working paper 12 hours straight 's pun ? 

't bear walk 4 feet 
examples 'm 'm power reddit william bill ding james jim nastics bart ender ted manwalkin gustavo gus undheit don 't straight puns common nicknames lend good ? bad appreciated lets laugh 

fish 1 uh greg fish 2 ? fish 1 drive thing ? 
didn 't punch line 
years ago ame story thatvwas filled puns punjab boy jabbed pen find ? gogling nu results guys ? 
redundant redundant 


advice grain salt 



artifishiall intelligence 
partner laissez faire 
prefer beef medium rarington 

concido ergo sum 
don 't weather good idea 
lack tater 
called hamburgers ham 




plz 




charged evading texas 
relish 
godzilla 
independent 
's great place find dye ream 
twisted sithter 
compote 


tyrannochrorus 
real siri nade 

giger counter 
fraction fracking infraction 

pleas agirl shes pretty horse realted pun joke 
novocaine transcend dental medication 
jason vortices 


congealed weapon ? 
cardbored 
choose 

roanin 

hillary 
pee ramid 
net profit 

bison 
's lye 

pushed fell 





flat major 
basic britches 


're offal 
cringe pun 
triggered guns 'm fire gun pull trigger ? 'm pretty good guess real reason 
customers left 
play words 
eeyores 
wooden 


realization 
granite 
convicted timbre ing evidence 
amphibios 
shouldn 't called urout piss ? 


opinion 's low hanging fruit 
half time 
partner planning stages starting middle eastern food truck serves pitas falafel shawarma things hummus bowls 've spent past couple weeks brainstorming names truck 're married 've 've considered options mid eats pitary pocket change truck named falasophy google searches love doubly bachelors degree philosophy 's truck california thought pitameatavegamin morning love love lucy reference obscure people input suggestions 
prevent chortle circuits 

's dead giveaway 
hard boiled yolk 

amino acid 
judge awarded parents joint custody child 

kidneys past man knees 
mayflower brought smallpox 
reddette 
guess 're man 
ther mom eter 
zombees 
's time 
mgooo 



didn 't seine 


'm working silly project job 'm punny fake names tags work community bank finance banking product industry related good god awful puns 've ann ities dee posit owen lott punmasters fans lend talents ? 
bearing fruit 

yeast expect cut rye 
pun medium rarely 
stopped starting irra tater 
condescending 


subtracterall 
trussed 


compound interest 




mind 's short 

hey guys wrote [short story https www smashwords books view 663352 starts fairly uh 'll average person reads 200 wpm roughly 15 minute read don 't feel charge guys 're prodigal sons daughters humor love 3 nn52r coupon code free enjoy 'd pun 'm allowed post friend 's sexually attracted fountain pens 's nibphomaniac edit link formatting 
group costume idea private investigation team large gorilla dicksoutforharambe 

't hop board 

cuz wanted bouncy hunter don 't hurt stole tear grace 
fermintation 
long con 
's smaller relationship felt asked 's lonely top 

guy stole bread toast butter run fast bread related puns appreciated boys 
mainstream 


ent trophy 
apple putting 'rage 'courage 
extreme measures 
ideas ? haven 't heard santa claws meowy christmas usual 
make america 's gate ? 
dear friend mine significant foot surgery today significant tune cut period reattached love foot feet related puns cheer coming weeks ? 




applicable 
stand fans 
realize fact made particle board made cardboard play cards haha lame joke 'll stop drinking coffee 

herr schnipp 


ingest 
couldn 't concentrate thing long 



put wading list 
don 't krampus 

phony faux knee 
've warming orange 
'm today horrible story experience friend friend hugh religious man involved community 2 weeks ago local church burned hugh believed christian duty back feet hugh allowed friars church set cart mall sell flowers day friars 7 00 morning bushel beautiful flowers began work diligently arrange bouquets mall generating revenue church making money selling flowers front church sunday happy weekend town kinda tourist towners weekends gay couple mall weekend friars shop typically town pretty progressive friars tended uber conservative couple cart admired flowers purchase bouquet friars refused sell couple outraged hugh directly complained friars discriminatory hugh promised talk friars hugh confronted friars refused sell couple grounds committing atrocity eyes lord couple stormed promised boycott cart past weekend couple back large group letter mayor friars sell sexual preference friars stood firm refused sell group started protest brought signs started chanting cart friars continued sell flowers hugh allowed remain eventually protest began boycott mall cart today mall lost 50 normal weekend revenue group letter hugh forgive shut flower cart week hugh pretty broken choice maintain livelihood kick friars store talked friars morning revoked previous agreement friars cart packed left 7 30 huge cheers community mall pretty normal today returned normal hugh day person settled disagreement community church wished didn hugh prevent florist friars 

suspense killing 
's pretty handy 
friend count 
author idea 


1 dimension 
riechman sum 
colin kaepernickus guy thinks world revolves 
thanksgiving dinner [yang ham style http imgur jhvfhe5 

's baggers 't choosers 

told son 1 year great big poo toybox 's shit abacus bet didn 't count proudly 
shit 
danksgiving 
've spent lot time bars 
owl 

blas femur 
pun words racim ra advance 



's called oopsie daisies 

'll calc 
kangamoo 



's mute point 
shelf blame 
occajunally 
cookies 
're young smoke 


shore inspiration lost s01ep16 

liverpool 

ideas science project analogies cells work function relate real life things 'm railroad analogy trains golgi bodies 'll add citations idea 


naming online hair bow store 'd love punny brain fried 't 
time 's 
'm kinda middle 
's 273 'm giving absolute fuks 

winter pretty garage ship pretty cold poor circulation fingers icicles drop tools dangerous duct taped gloves german electric power tools fingers warm retaining fein motor control 

litearally make cry 
night lucky 


asian bayesian beijing bing 

guess call mourning wood 

lost control 

call kung fu vegetable ? brock lee brock lee broccoli 'd live good original ? joke carrot thought eating broccoli watching naruto character named rock lee joke light 
couldnt straight face 

cheesy 

make 
kinda fence 

're ear buds 
young woman wanted psychological experiment carefully bred cherry trees bloom multiple colors arranged planted trees color spell color test [stroop effect https en wikipedia org wiki stroop effect instructions admittedly odd weren 't transmitted workers starving underpaid grad students effectively groups colored cherry trees planted colors matched names completely invalidating experiment 's stroop drupe group blooper girl stroop drupe blooper girl stroop drupe blooper girl focuses anglo saxon royalty 



plants photosympathize ? 
roommate 's bf bemoaning good jew eating bacon told makes feel 'll half jew edit bf 's mom isn 't added parenthetical clarity 
replied boohoo 


bomb bull 's man 

? tzu sun ? 



's friend 's birthday 'm clever horse pun send birthday likes horses suck bit dis trot plz love forever 
's handy 


kid 
work 

hue 
back word 
reddit filled puns ??? 
chasing shuttlecock 
opposite directions house burn burns colloidal invitation hey 're party ? hey 're party ? 




call throw bach thursdays 


cake 

mustard forces swiss 

aphrodisiac 

pain grain 



's august 

mandolin 
twothless pls laugh 

hitman dog walks cat dog cat meows time 
feels 's bounty head 
've forgotten great deal memory argon 

fantasy football league olive garden employees team olive tds good team names ? 
people witnessed event bono appeared snap caused edge 


'm crocheting friend mermaid blanket birthday embroider good pun inside good measure include jennifer mer maid suggestions ? 


accepts shortcomings 


owlways remember toucan play game 

quickly realized pipe dream 

leaving people back 
hand ice breath cool hand fire breath lit 
heard exciting show guy grocery shopping loses grocery list remember buy rely mental list 


wanted flawless jugstaposition 
things aren 't adding head terrible attempt small contest office involving drug free math department math involved pun huge guys suggestions great addition mine 

wait post muslim holiday falling day 9 11 blow 
wooly manmouth 


catastrophe cat trophy 
's passed tents 
ferrous wheel 
roamin catholic 
'm post hope place close girl friend mine fine artist specializes greeting cards funny cute puns lines front moving december wanted create christmas card examples bonne fett picture boba fett holding balloons r2 cute picture r2d2 heart essentially lot cultural references put greeting card things loves world egg mcmuffins chinese coconut buns coming christmas puns ideas put card ? 
's 
netflix chew 
forest 
morning supply principal 's son pun return announces intercom homecoming week school spirit week dress theme day themed puns clean school 12th k4 students day superhero day day tie dye day day character day day throwback thursday 70s 80s day school spirit day 
'limpdick athlete 


's universal solve ent 
word literally literally meaning anymore 
tie shopping 
bi polar bear 


shoehorn 
's group females 
giant board gates 
moment knew girlfriend pun master kitchen grab food girlfriend happened standing scooping seconds dinner seconds scoop hit plate words left mouth puns impressed amazed needed post 

stuck limbo 

completely accident coworker stink proctologist 
clefsnotes 
reason cane marketing campaign rejected closed false advertising claims lot disappointed cops left building 
'm junior realized friends current housemates seniors plan victory lap staying area group guys live year don 't start don 't facebook figured 'd throw post realize 't picky 'm cheaper side live south campus house paying 550 month 'm normal guy 'm working classes chill watch sports guy fill housing group 
practice questions study placement test ? 'm transferring sophomore year finished calc iii previous institution don 't fuck placement test small things forgot 
'm graduating december received email week telling schedule appointment senior portrait michiganensian yearbook seniors portraits seniors end buying yearbook ? regular high school yearbook ? time 've heard 
good time anchor apartment house year area greatly appreciated 
alumni people alumni account post screenshots recent posts ? http alumni umich membership benefits michigan nike jordan apparel preview 
downvoted uofm hell thought 'd worth shot basically wondering supplemental essay ? figured place advance 
hey 'all heads scholarship opportunity copernicus program polish studies cpps scholarship polish language studies deadline f2016 w2017 week class copernicus program polish studies department slavic languages literatures offering scholarships 1,000 polish language study university michigan 2016 17 academic year eligibility criteria open undergraduate students studying polish language university michigan academic year criteria fulfilled consecutive terms polish language sequence courses fall 2016 winter 2017 2016 17 academic year students receive grade courses application deadline students apply end week classes winter term considered academic year scholarship application submission interested students complete application review process applications reviewed eligibility committee students notified academic year scholarship drop add deadline winter term scholarships disbursed completion winter term grades submitted evaluated https www ii umich cpps students funding polish language studies scholarship html 
've heard 100 200 level classes lower level means genetics bunch labs upper level bio classes true ? 
info transfer tickets online 'm 's person sell original ticket 
'm upcoming sophomore computer engineering planning music minor feel graduate 'm business knowledge case start sort business knowledge workforce don 't time business entrepreneurship minor good classes good knowledge apply graduate ? 've econ business classes 
'm apple store 'm planning early 
spoke adviser courseload generally core eecs classes harder core math courses math majors true ? math 217 easier eecs 280 215 ? 
's 've heard class bio 173 totally depends gsi 're gsi douche chem 125 totally depends group mates prof sucked prof poniatowski amazing class depends team members team sucks 'll incoming freshman sound naive irrational complaining bs 89 freshman pre med bs don 't fly survive courses ? asks ap credit bio 195 won 't taking taking chem 130 lab chem sophomore year 
move day coming wondering input address line 1 address line 2 address line 1 mosher jordan hall xxx address line 2 200 observatory street correct helpful receive feedback 

basically title post informative thread information future aware housing choices edit guys info opinions shared hope current members subreddit future wolverines enlightened don 't stop sharing 
update im building supposed open ? 
pm details face 55 student tickets 
friends buddy seniors university illinois run music project made mix couple weeks ago friends wanted pass 's fun groovy mix hope brings solid enjoyment happy listening [interpretations mix 02 https soundcloud shaedistrictofficial interpretations mix02 artists consist louis futon rufus du sol goldlink odesza jerry folk lemaitre kaytranada flume 
2 3 roommates house 1349 geddes 2017 2018 school year 's bedroom house directly stockwell includes 6 parking spots rent 750 month lower depending parking spots sublet pm interested http campusmgt rentlinx 1349 geddes ave ann arbor mi 48104 
graduate engineering student college engineering industrial operations engineering department opportunities work gsi contribute student community reduce financial burden trouble finding relevant opportunities pointers looked um job website found success discussion forward 
alumni association post preview pictures nike gear ? http alumni umich membership benefits michigan nike jordan apparel preview 
pretty poorly ? high quizzes teacher doesn 't 'm worried 've poorly curve grades ? 've asked class major upperclassmen advice ? 
'm duderstadt library legit freezing 
talking admissions rep undergrad level told harder umich undergrad highschooler umich dental school undergrad true ? 
hey guys 'm undergrad practice dutch language skills dad netherlands grew familiar language 'm totally fluent 'm wanting language skills converse relatives netherlands easily studying abroad semester summer 've looked taking dutch language courses fit schedule 'd happy practice conversing english half time fits pm interested meet coffee koffiekletsen dank je 
classes ? description amount workload time spent class plan taking semester stats 415 cover materials needed machine learning programming skills ? 
fellow redditors past weeks 've bugs bedroom northwood kill em don 't 12 hours 've killed dozen research 've found 're stink bugs called pest control 'll morning reading online makes sound 're nuisance curious similar issues past suggestions dealing cheers blue 
hey fellow wolverines incoming freshman writing question eecs 183 class format section eecs 183 student attend lecture discussion section theoretically attend lectures afternoon registered tuesday thursday morning lectures ? point registering lecture discussion sections essentially show random classes ? 
couldn 't find posts wondering find buy iclicker class syllabus don 't ? wait day class find ? advance 

door place south quad guy guarding door asked year told truth reason lie initially send guys asked knew areas streets parties commonly found eventually asked made walk sort told open door thought 'fuck guess dismay people didn 't end staying didn 't feel partying wondering 
'd build computer settled advised um handful people knowledgeable projects 'm redditors um give guidance pms discuss general college advice 'd appreciative 's parts list case 's curious http pcpartpicker list 2b8h2r wondering build dorm find designated area ? 
'm crossroads love math 'm torn making choice math major pure mathematics love simply adore abstract algebra number theory abstract problem solving elected pure math major past summer delving derivative trading algorithm trading enjoyed fair deal stochastic calculus measure theory advanced analysis stats 525 526 essential part ahead aim study graduate school fields mathematical research set sights 525 526 separate classes wolverine access department general shows enrollment restricted classes financial mathematics majors department big don 't stand chance waitlist prior experience core prerequisites majors pure financial double majoring department ? 6 8 pure math classes electives financial 2 overlaps happening mind concentrating applied math financial mathematical sciences offer prof advisors generally pretty meh experience math stats major ? skill breadth case graduate school dream doesn 't work shot form employment straight school 've heard mixed reviews financial program person warning bad decision made happened dining hall greeter love opinions 
hey 'm prospective transfer student 'm sophomore applying winter 2017 semester question isn 't related admissions tldr bottom nbsp don 't wrong accepted michigan absolute dream true 've working hard make dream reality mentioned bit worried applying winter nbsp talking transferring mentioned difficult transfer students make friends time people school year starts small adjustment period school year starts people open people settled groups totally makes sense 's worried nbsp michigan extremely prestigious school education studies 'm kind person content 'm pretty outgoing guy 'm easy 'm means explore nature trail playing video games night partying small love hanging making good memories nbsp 've read advise joining clubs involved campus sounds great idea plan plan find apartment campus subleasing 've told students semester abroad winer 'm lucky find cool roommates nbsp finally questions kind difficulty making friends winter ? winter transfer harder time adjusting wolverine ? kind advice specifically transfer winter ? nbsp previous winter transfers love hear experience advance time read nbsp tldr fun loving guy applying transfer winter wondering transferring winter make harder full michigan experience 
advise 
found club website site recent message written 2014 club ? 
hey guys orientation deciding courses choose chem 210 211 chem 130 5 ap chemistry exam placement test majoring mechanical engineering don 't benefit taking hard gpa killer chemistry decide engineering 101 engineering 151 placement exam recommends 151 heard people lot harder wondering benefit taking accelerated class college doubt employers grad schools class advanced taking 151 improve chances engineering honors year ? finally deciding math class placement test recommends math 116 156 215 285 295 ap calc ab bc 5s linear algebra differential equations high school talk guidance counselor tomorrow hear guys guys blue 
'm incoming freshmen wanted bursley kitchen wash utensils 'm curious idk bring plastic utensils bring plastic regular utensils ? 
moving apartment fall wondering arrange food apartment words recommend terms satisfying hunger day ? don 't eat days groceries cook ? meal plan option ? 
suggestions good food delivery app service ?? 
lived varsity apartment complex internet speed ? 'm moving fall semester roommate decide router internet provide good 
title 
'm applying transfer student 'm midyear application accepted fall 2017 'm freshman finishing application questions 'd applyingforcollege collegeconfidential guys give specific info 'm applying join lsa poli sci major marked interest activity current university boost application ? college democrats amnesty international ? picking side reflect poorly ? asap lol advice appreciated planning good grades current school 's advice lemme 
'm moving campus fall 'll medical mj card short months curious 420 friendly campus isn 't ? housing options bursley northwood iii experiences housing option closet stoner ? drop knowledge places campus smoke ? 
hey guys lot 've person 's schedule unique tweaking anways 'm planning majoring neuroscience counselor advised bio 171 psych 112 writing 125 urop health science credit medical terminology mini land 16 17 credits main concern overwhelmed good idea calc 's req major event switch study physics advice good advice time 
download pdf book ? michigan students partner institutions download book https babel hathitrust org cgi pt ? id mdp 39015078136523 view 1up seq 7 
posts annoying fuck downvoted hell 'd easier official stickied chance thread applicants people don 't mind chancing [penn state penn fucking state https www reddit pennstateuniversity comments 4iruj1 accepted prospective student general mods make happen love god 

busy ? busiest busy ? thinking taking swimming exercise wanted scope busy ncrb 
's basic 1 training sessions wilson center ? checked website didn 't dumb haven 't training don 't kicked club 
'm 17 don 't turn 18 october 'm eligible work study intend fullest impossible job work permit work exemption ? 
easiest ? professors recommend ? choose stats 415 eecs 445 guys recommend ? 
class textbook math105 comfortably 's easier class 
earth 119 118 bio 171 environ 139 fysem lhsp 140 uc 280 urop 'm freshman 'm wondering amount time devote bio 171 earth 118 119 've told year seminars 139 pretty chill lhsp class easy 'll continuing working urop project 6 8hrs wk kind easier semester taking gen chem calc fall 
received freshman housing application results today 'm markley dorm central campus markley 'm living ? 
doubt wondering 
disney interest group mass meeting tuesday september 20th 7 30 8 30 pm wolverine room union mass meeting 'll share bring disney magic michigan 's campus join 're 

ten minutes late ? consecutive classes 8 10 minutes edit responses worry 
attention university michigan undergraduate graduate students interested long term language study research foreign country ? professional goals include public service enhancing national security ? applying boren scholarships undergrads boren fellowships grad students competitive awards give undergrads 20,000 grad students 30,000 study commonly taught languages countries africa asia central eastern europe eurasia latin america middle east majors research interests exchange funding boren scholars fellows commit working federal government year graduation receive assistance preferential consideration securing federal employment visiting campus monday october 24th 2016 scholarship fellowship presentation 4 00 5 00pm location 1644 school social work bldg sswb 1080 university ave ann arbor mi 48109 1106 attending information session deadlines 2017 application january 31 2017 boren fellowship february 9 2017 boren scholarship find boren scholarships fellowships start application visit [borenawards org http borenawards org 

mercy 's application season time empathy charity write umich essay opportunity choose lsa eng computer science approach etcetera cs curriculum rigorous ? correct assuming science math eng english ??? lsa ? isn 't giant point schools minor point uniqueness appreciated 
've thinking taking art design class balance stem classes 'll taking winter semester engr101 math116 phys140 141 count professional creative development general electives idea frontload requirements econ ? experience taking classes drawing ii 200 level elective classes ? pass fail viable option ? 
hey im mechanical engineer ee minor info path job wise integrate mechanical engineering general ? 
hey wolverines school starting tomorrow decision make astronomy psychology subjects interested due concern inability adapt college lifestyle semester wondering class relaxed chilled class aka easy 
hey wolverines 'm recruiter great opportunity current students recent graduates work edtech startup project called talk 1 1 online english classes chinese children class 25 minutes long teaching trial classes launched product expanding rapidly classes 1 evaluate student 's english abilities 2 support sales team offer 13 hour net salary trial teachers skill teach full curriculum offer 16 24 depending qualifications performance training evaluation qualifications standard north american accent 20 years enjoy working children high speed reliable internet high quality audio video capabilities 6 hours availability week 6 00 9 00 pm weekdays 12 00 9 00 pm weekends beijing time utc +8 's apply submit cv 30 introduction video showcasing personality teach ustalk make trial teaching applicant subject line mail include source application reddit questions expect lesson materials prepared end children 5 12 years english levels beginner intermediate teaching platform runs browser flash payment direct wire transfer account 15th month accept international wires mods job advertisement isn 't allowed 
sold ticket 'm general advice 
act ea 31 composite 36 reading 34 english 31 science 24 math feel applying engineering rejected math low advice 've 's good program ? advise ? 
'm tutor significant amount time weekend eecs 203 'd paid pm interested 
hey 'm hawaii school connecticut 'll heading campus upcoming game 'm arriving friday morning 't check place 3 pm 'll time relax check campus good places ? 'm campus map website list buildings departments don 't give information building obvious union ? 
schematics 4 success event required ? students ? 'm wondering september 2nd move day apartment 'm 'm work logistically 'm ride parents 
professors basically leaving dark total grades midway semester determine cutoffs end semester exams current class averages exam 70 average class including homework clicker 71 drop exam approximate cutoffs 'd great 
'm freshman stuff party good friends doesn 't drink party thinking checking meijer mania pretty gimmicky wondering 's fun whatsoever 

curious university chooses valedictorian criteria ? 'm 's multiple people 4.0 gpas disciplines assume 's gpa 
super stoked wisconsin game full gameday experience tail frats tailgates recommend hitting ? preferably drinks 
bought ukulele starts learning slow pace due experience string instruments wondering 's ukulele player campus talk play songs semester nice 's music groups 's cool professional chill hope hear back 
years blood sweat pbr 've finally reached senior year 're essential things leave ann arbor switch things final semesters ? 
week 9 2 michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 7 0 [michigan state http www espn college football team id 127 michigan state spartans 2 5 kick 12 00 pm 10 29 2016 television espn preview [espn http www espn college football preview ? gameid 400869681 
wolverines 'm student 'm struggling weight body image 's gyms peer support hump student lead weight loss support groups campus ? resources helpful 


've browsing interwebs advice eecs 216 hear winick terrible prof bad ? 's prof teaching semester 'll semester avoid 
applied 5 clubs business frats semester rejected didn 't passed round selection weird change high school smartest accomplished top 10 ? clubs accepting applications don 't require applications business ? ross chances good rn importantly don 't wanna semester 
'm thinking transferring michigan winter fall year 'm studying mechanical engineering wondering fulfill perquisites listed apply college engineering ? 
've posted intent major computer science lsa 100 dead set interested business side things potentially applying ross plan freshman year fall semester schedule maximize options winter semester onward 's math 116 calc 2 eecs 183 elem programming concepts econ 101 principles microeconomics english 125 fywr difficult schedule ? good courses gpa important ross admissions schedule situation guys recommend taking fywr 2nd semester ? taking eecs 183 early important 203 280 281 quick declare major early decide cs advance 
applied winter 2017 semester ? opened august 1st common app 3rd anxiously waiting email wolverine access check application status apply email ? 
professor required pack exams didn 't provide textbook optional choice textbook completely useless ? ty 
've connected ethernet network bursley haven 't issues horrible speeds worse ping solution ? 
hey guys incoming fall transfer don 't housing figured applied campus housing month ago hear back receive confirmation email highly doubt 'll receive spot campus central big question financial aid pay campus housing left work rent utility bills ? check hand person charge ? credit cosigner loan pay ? stressful 'm super worried won 't housing set end august responses 
't find andy capp 's hot fries campus find bag ? 
incoming freshman 'm figure time work study versus making time lift rec centers insight busy ncrb ccrb 4 00 5 00pm 8 30am ? advice im building fine 
'm 22 graduated college south hired start working university michigan pumped michigan 'm room rent possibly apartment suggestions openings ? appreciated 

'm orientation late august won 't meet advisor class assignments back ap scores placing calc 1 2 physics 140 240 schedule classes phone email ? person ? edit 'm college engineering 
hey guys posted subreddit earlier friends moving week 1 classes don 't friends 'm homesick top shit ton homework 't feel ashamed living markley supposed social dorm umich 't make frigging friends people meet exchange numbers ignoring ? 
posts couldn 't find information find posts ross hard semester classes ross lot work blowoff classes ? 
edit figured 
failed exams opportunity resit failed underlying skin condition kind exploded incredibly worse time resit stressed condition time exam thinking pass results outcome expected doctor 's note condition period time accepted redo exam carry academic year year problem reason letting university condition 7 days exam rejected 've similar cases examples appeals uploaded website ? 
'm markley hall year forsee encountering morning coffee runs students generally keurig makers classic coffee makers rooms bring mugs nearest cafeteria ? wondering 

email classes lot buildings diag cancelled insight happened ? 
high school email teachers interesting articles found strong relationship teacher emailed ap bio teacher washington post article human evolution africa talked day class college professors inappropriate ? idea busy professors input don 't time don 't interact students don 't make bad impression professors annoying advice 
'm starting lsat prep wondering good bad experiences companies ann arbor 
waitlist mse 250 fucked didn 't register email confirmation sign semester wanted good engineering elective related helpful mse year engineering classes 've eng100 eng101 
list [here https lsa umich stats undergraduate students undergraduate programs majordatascience data science electives html recommendations thoughts ? 
easy 300 level humanities fuflill engineering requirement fond writing lot papers suggestions ? 
'm friends hang 'm class project meetings church suit ? 
thinking changing major computer science wondering level difficulty studying week ? hard ? 
received housing roommate assignment today 'll year umich 'll west quad thing 'll rooming sophomore normal ? floor mcsp people fare 'm mcsp ? 
dual degree taubman college lsa ross school business sophomore year lsa ? goal architecture business administration umich accept ? 

'm wait list 400 level engineering class seats open begin 'm 10th wait list long list changing room assuming 's reason small class size 
vending machines campus blue bucks ? year longer accept don 't cash time closest ugo 's 

isbn 9781118131992 cheapest 've found online 118 sell ? 
hope fall break treating freshman lsa planning applying ross end year admittedly don 't 'll study presented opportunity 's doesn 't work advice lsa student law school graduates ? classes junior year proper gauge interest field admittedly don 't track major econ ppe great degrees majors good potential lawyer ? advice 
hey guys wanted 440 semester wanted hear people thought class didn 't 240 find subject interesting worried gpa people love info 
recommendations fulfill requirement ? courses found interesting easier side ? 
's deal set ? story ? find odd 
find hungry dining options union closed studying weeknight suggestions grub ? 
interested students aced math 115 explain math 115 content large groups students knack teaching peers vibrant engaging personality reliable punctual professional mode operating balance job 's demanding work load train solid compensation pm interested 
email learning community 7 hours required activities thursday friday week forward meeting people parties week 's kinda disappointing day eaten question parties day good parties night ? don 't miss week harder guys parties side question discussion gsi north quad scheduled immediately class east hall class 10 minutes ? reschedule talk gsi ? 
hey sophomore university michigan finishing year lsa honors program began sophomore honors award 3 honors classes year 5 honors classes award 'm wondering award worth effort ? ? award stay honors ? 
hey guys wondering good websites refer information courses info recent grade distributions teachers teach taught winter spring 
ugli print books pretty demand rid ? 'm specific information opposed conjecture cost ineffectiveness sentence aggressive 
discoverit card referral link benefit 50 pm 
thinking taking german classes move germany college don 't lick german passionate learning german 101 moved ranks fluent ? 4 years ? 'd work ? ton 
'm big soccer fan wondering watching game 
week 11 3 michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 9 0 [iowa http www espn college football team id 2294 iowa hawkeyes 5 4 kick 8 00 pm 11 12 2016 television abc preview [espn http www espn college football preview ? gameid 400869690 

've game summer wondering magic gathering community ann arbor game haven 't play magic stores area ? mtg community ? formats popular ? 

gonna 7 30 weekday feel 's high traffic time suggestions ? additionally 're caught ? 
semester planning taking eecs 370 eecs 484 stats 425 math 214 bit worried work handle heard aren 't good professors 425 bad professor opinion increases workload don 't taking intellectual breadth classes comment doable ? ds cs major helps 
transfer student university michigan 've year 'm coming final semesters 've 250 350 didn 't great classes design wondering good club increase skills feel lot 300 lvl courses wouldn 't job hands experience guys clubs yo recommend ? 
driving give ride show ? compensate trouble lmk tickets 
'm professor pretty shitty input ? 
hard 151 compared 101 ? 151 worth extra difficulty aspiring cs student ? 
physics ii exams lying ? ctools site 4 5 class winter exam 've noticed 've shutdown winter 2016 site saved ? 'm buy coffee sandwich 
'm transfer lsa msu sophmore year 'm applying grades semester 'm track 3.8 3.9 'm working culinary services 'm clubs gpa subpar 3.4 high school 31 act 36 english heard schools place major emphasis hs grades apply transfer early 'm wondering 's worth applying early wait semesters college experience ? 
wondering liquor stores campus prices selection ? 's favorite place ? relaxed id ? 
bet watched yesterday 's sided game wolverines hawaii rainbow warriors thought freshman chris evans amazing job wanna give nickname passed end thing literally happiest guy world wanna call cap captain america due chris evans actor plays captain america newer marvel movies fancy nickname pass make thing 
basically roommate ordered fridge microwave today moved dorm room kind don 't report 's cool don 't trouble housing didn 't end pay suggestions ? 
easier eecs 280 ? 
curious 

'm planning applying clean energy china program international programs engineering summer 's feedback worthwhile ? meet cool people um ? classes interesting ? application highly selective ? 
've season pass um friends visiting buy student tickets validated buy full price vendors stubhub ? people care seating back sit ? 
'm living stockwell year 'm rent parking spot dorm extra space 
'm sophomore computer engineering freelance web design side 'm make extra money year making websites good ways clients campus experience working local businesses student orgs ? 
um alum returning a2 psu game thought 'd luck selling tickets ? 
week 6 4 michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 5 0 [rutgers http www espn college football team id 164 2 3 kick 7 00 pm 10 08 2016 television espn2 preview [espn http www espn college football preview ? gameid 400869636 
contract double northwood iii 'm reassign contract freshman transfer student fall semester send message questions 're interested 
clubs focus social things meetups parties strong communities general add thread start professional frats business phi chi theta akpsi phi gamma nu 
's caen remote access ? logged libraries caen instructional edition research edition log virtual sites lisrel virtual sites mplus virtual sites sudaan virtual sites wordsmith connect caen wanted play catia 
picture candles banana peels block night ? walked phone battery 


students download software free visual studio download sql server 2016 'm supposed download free student version ? 
're football games diag north occasionally coming won 't ? 
cakes rubina small town bakery located 1689 plymouth wendy 's thai street north campus specialize sorts bakery items 3d sculpted cakes wedding cakes cake pops previous baking experience passion baking duties include dish washing baking front counter work decorating job starts 10 hr part time potential full time work job perfect students interested candidates send resume cv jobs cakesbyrubina 'd work give availability 
dance classes ballet tap jazz rec sports taking official dance class dance 100 ? 't fit dance 100 18 hrs advice credit options 
intent restaurants hiring servers school year ? 'm hoping earn part time serving job school year advice 
recommendations avoid ? professor recommendations 
're bunch sophomores moving dorms campus housing process hasn 't kind avoiding landmark arborblu utowers corner house noise campus halfway downtown central campus spend time east west halls house 6 good condition houses fourth ingalls pretty bad shape read creaky stairs terribly dingy basements small existent living rooms realtors area control houses ingalls kerrytown ? told town 's nice houses signs recommended property managers ? slumlords ann arbor thread plan living properties managed graduating moving houses love places put bid lease property process love hear started began find properties lived taking leases graduating upperclassmen friends 

due stats 412 math 425 filling morning register eecs 301 've heard 's harder alternatives 'd class combinatorics statistics 's step ahead ee focused ? 've asked people told avoid 301 costs doesn 't choice professor teaching semester pradhan fantastic ratings 'm afraid work hard rest schedule isn 't bad additional info class appreciated advance 
terms interesting classes difficulty preadmit difficult ? kind act gpa ? 
'm planning tickets big game thanksgiving break 'm gonna fly back home game 3 hours ohio wondering buses transportation ann arbor game back 
hey guys attended northfest day yesterday ended signing thousand organisations don 't remember anymore ton homework professors messing don 't 'll time hundred flyers stuffed bag process recommend clubs fraternities programming transfer ross loves play video games devours books hasn 't made friends guys 
'm junior biology major planning honors thesis lab curious 's experiences process met advisor vague didn 't answer questions gave paper fill 
comp sci major lsa pre reqs eecs183 math115 math116 eecs280 eecs203 'm taking eecs183 semester freshman 'm figure time classes order gonna semester math115 year writing 2nd semester foreign language didn 't eecs 203 class semester good idea eecs 280 281 ? classes recommend taking eachother math 116 eecs 280 eecs 203 ? 
worth honors version chem 215 ? heard professor good honors orgo lab extra hours group work sessions honors class exams regular class honors exams harder ? appreciated 

cut score physics 140 ? 
class complete cs minor ? pick easier workload heavy class required courses minor eecs 370 prereq classes 've 
hey guys senior high school applying university michigan school information state applicant competitive school information ? stand 32 34 points ib diplomma programme 3.6 3.7 gpa freshman sophomore year detroiit 
planning applying china shanghai program experience trip ? general tips applying program 
's mobile 's network campus ? 'm verizon wondering step spend time north live central rackham makes difference 
grew ann arbor 'm snobbery honesty majority people city mid western friendly types starting school michigan 've contact rudest people 've 't feels 've made friends found niche feel general trend acting 're smarter frankly isn 't true don 't proper grammar tl dr 'm disoriented rude people act thinks 

assume conference games bit hype reason weather nicer 2 earlier games 'd prefer large tailgate games games boring 
transfer student coming junior fall good easy classes fulfill year writing quantitative reasoning requirements ? political science major upper level courses good ? 
hey guys 'm undergrad freshman sophomore standing ls declare cs major fall long term plan ph specifically machine learning wanna quality hands research commit eecs281 'll taking fall possibly machine colearning 445 545 'll 445 545 fall 2018 'd math217 make 've bases covered math concerned considered urop 've heard 's grunt work collecting data sort 'd involved actual research work urop attractive professors recruit undergrads research purposes year guess real question taking courses set research preferably winter semester year 'd participate honors thesis program research beneficial supervise advice current cs upperclassmen 
hey guys class learn piano offered um ? told class taught tutored grad student ? hear wrong ? 
's great connect actual school computer 200 +mbps connecting laptop death sentence 'm middle ugli 'm dl speed 0.78 mbps 17 20 mbps midnight people start bed goddamn 's slow problem computer friends newer computers ran speed tests similar results curiosity run speed test post results 
family college uncertain textbook requirements dealt high school textbook hands entering class 1 5 classes textbooks listed purchase textbooks released wolverine access ? expectation textbooks day class 'm location ? apologies pettiness 
's ? courses difficult ? 

'm applying uofm fall coe humanities requirements hate humanities courses 
'm dorm year town study time don 't fufu shapiro shit 
leadership management class ? 'm excited professor exceptional person heard actual class info appreciated 
absolutely hate umich teaches calculus calc 1 debating taking calc 2 grand rapids community college summer calc 2 umich calc grcc similar community college transferred credit umich calc compare michigan ? 


accidentally signed job training convocation skipping harm ? guess theoretically reschedule job training wouldn 't good huge hassle important student convocation loner friends 4 years college don 't ? 
edit damn 
car weekends place put car rest time broke money students bills guys places hacks free parking living central don 't mind walking 
've 5 years cheap place south closed hitting mden tomorrow ? 
hey international freshman student uofm 'm make friends social anxiety 's making depressed family friends managed make back home 20 hour flight food makes sick haven 't eaten properly night constantly hungry eat stomach constantly paining reasons coming uofm break shell rid social anxiety opposite happening event people making connections international student found friend 'm make friends ? 'm sitting dorm room reconsidering decision coming uofm 
im interested greek lifw expand social options cut house rushed mid rush 1 hard find parties gdi ? 2 worth late rush bottom tier house ? 3 competitive winter rush ? kinda pissed 
week 4 4 michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 3 0 [penn state http www espn college football team id 213 2 1 kick 3 30 pm 09 24 2016 television abc preview [espn http www espn college football preview ? gameid 400869658 
'm decide math class winter sem math 216 intro diff eq math 217 lin alg 'm 215 rn 's bad major requires point wondering easier ik pretty challenging 
professor macro ? 've heard stevenson mathematical based 401 cho suppose professors opinions ? cho 's section edit insights upvotes care staying cho 's section 
thoughts class ? [this https sites google umich eecs442 winter2015 syllabus 2015 instructor w17 pretty easy guess hard homeworks project ? 
'm high school student enrolled dual enrollment program classes oakland community college michigan 'm high school basically program designed 'll associates degree high school diploma free time technically year senior year 's designed make work credits 'll high school 62 credits college choose won 't applying fall mention 'll abundance credits 44 62 depends schools accept 'll 2 years school finished program schools dearborn decent chance accepted chance ann arbor heard seniors dearborn flint campuses years 're ann arbor remaining years wasn 't works 's automatic optional thing reach gpa flint dearborn depending major majors 'm computer science programming nursing chance transferring dearborn ann arbor additional credits ? call dearborn ann arbor campus information ? tl dr attend university 50 62 college credits wanna attend dearborn possibly transferring ann arbor work work situation ? 
don 't wrong 'm taking islamic art class semester muslim type cover ears shout hear criticisms don 't spend 3 hours week class taught hates islam sounds ridiculous 'm discomfort reason page arabic noon means christian negative connotations west side question pertaining islam martha schulte nafeh arabic chair muslim ? super personal don 't office islamic text 's native speaker islamic texts helpful learning arabic 's real reason nosiness awkwardness caused 'm good words promise intentions negative 
prompt essay 2 required applicants 500 words maximum describe unique qualities attract specific undergraduate college school including preferred admission dual degree programs applying university michigan curriculum support interests ? 'm applying lsa things talk ? feel 've written lot 300 words super helpful edit don 't write ideas write 
planning taking eecs 183 math 115 'm douglas houghton scholar 's program math 145 russian 101 urop work sixteen hours week member clubs difficult ? 
thinking taking courses wondering workload easy classes 
incoming freshman college engineering wondering engr 101 151 koofers grade distribution engr 101 49 36 bs 12 cs 2 ds engr 151 72 26 bs 1 cs koofers reliable data ? engr 151 easier succeed ? ap cs high school semester studied java guys suggest ? 
'm prospective freshman class fall 2017 semester plan philosophy politics economics major 'm transfer business school 've looked program lot interests 'm wondering michigan insight professors studies unique opportunities opened students majors ? resources offered majors ? 'm writing essay find unique program 'm wondering students additional insight additional comments michigan experience school 

recently enrolled math 116 advice succeed class heard fellow students class notoriously difficult professors gsis hits misses 

doesn 't pertain 've graduated cs degree question sort curious eecs department 're allowed 2 attempts 's 2 attempts 101 203 280 281 forget student fails core eecs classes class major ? completely fucked major requires ? student failed eecs 281 major cs ds ? experience 'm curious 
hey school projects decided create ranking menu items ann arbor lot pulled previous post added menu items app google play store https play google store apps details ? id io edible project bought bunch 25 gift cards restaurants ann arbor download app comment 24 hours 'll entered raffle win gift cards ios device entered raffle signing http edibleproject io 're checking app ahead add favorite menu item vote existing items added 's preview items added order 1 sunny roll sadako dairy free kosher fried philadelphia roll 2 chicken frita frita batidos great lima cilantro salsa 3 73 tarb 's tenacious tenure zingerman 's 4 margarita pizza mani osteria ? 's lit fam 5 deep fried french toast angelo 's dairy free 6 crab cake benedict angelo 's ? 've heard 's great 7 brooklyn club amer 's 8 buffalo chicken wrap good time charley 's mind blowing means solid 9 lime batido frita batidos cuban milkshake food item damn good 10 chicken pad thai curry thai dairy free cmon 've post game day 11 chicken quesadilla panchero 's 've stumbled 2 00 times 's honest 12 jp burger jolly pumpkin classic great 13 crack fries hop cat dairy free rated country 14 tempeh reuben lunch room 15 drunken fried rice thai 16 sweet spicy chicken thai bad health good soul 17 baja fish taco isalita gluten free heard great things 18 tacos tmaz taqueria 19 korean bbq sandwich eat 20 sweet potato salad eat 21 spicy chicken sammy beli deli dairy free 22 gyro mezze greek grill 23 fried chicken dinner town 24 stilton fries ashley 's 25 rasberry bars tasty bakery gluten free vegan dairy free pretty campus lots solid options 26 chicken tikka masala suvai palace 27 steak avocado piada piada 
hey uofm incoming grad student learn swim eventually swim pool regularly options campus grad student ? advance 

prerequisites minors lsa math 115 calc 1 explicitly replace 5 bc calc list math 120 math 121 alternate prereq math 115 point minors ? 
michigan mstps program pros cons ? apply med school md phd program ? people undergrads experiences successful mstp top applicants ? advice info cool 
'm studying cs lsa haven 't declared love programing 'm good gpa suffering result 've switching si study paths greater focus front end programming 'm interested cs program prestigious 'm afraid shoot foot employment opportunity wise leaving essentially 'm si vouch experience gained program employers interested ? 
good places order food ? specifically suggestions chinese pizza italian healthy stuff good salads chicken 
experience working copy editor michigan daily ? easy selective move ranks ? roughly paid week ? info share great 
looked campus website contact permit costs costs ? park north campus 
explained title courses 'm taking minor fufill distribution requirements ? 
pretty title plan bringing doesn 't school student section game borrowing mcard option ? 

lets clean front page bit advice posted [here https www reddit uofm comments 4vtttk post freshman advice student orgs check [virtual festifall https www reddit uofm comments 4vvj2k 2016 virtual festifall 
follow post week mentioned post 's place find menu items eat ann arbor part people eat eat basically step suggestions list threw android app menu items ann arbor suggested community vote favorites submit filter menu items dietary preferences vegan vegetarian gluten free check [google play store https play google store apps details ? id io edible project 're gonna launch ios sign http edibleproject io [last week 's post https www reddit uofm comments 5bhofk guide food eat ann arbor guys ? valuable information place ? 's good sucks ? feedback 
position making lost time classes gain ground order graduate winter track graduate late advice great 
hey thing bothers food recommendations hear great restaurants ann arbor zingerman 's sadako frita batidos angelo 's 's good restaurant good doesn 't menu item good 's 'm putting guide post serve comprehensive list food items eat ann arbor ranked order deep breath feel free contribute put menu item restaurant good dietary restrictions ? gluten free vegan vegetarian kosher additional info 1 sunny roll sadako dairy free kosher fried philadelphia roll 2 chicken frita frita batidos great lima cilantro salsa 3 73 tarb 's tenacious tenure zingerman 's 4 margarita pizza mani osteria ? 's lit fam 5 deep fried french toast angelo 's dairy free 6 crab cake benedict angelo 's ? 've heard 's great 7 brooklyn club amer 's 8 buffalo chicken wrap good time charley 's mind blowing means solid 9 lime batido frita batidos cuban milkshake food item damn good 10 chicken pad thai curry thai dairy free cmon 've post game day 11 chicken quesadilla panchero 's 've stumbled 2 00 times 's honest 12 jp burger jolly pumpkin classic great 13 crack fries hop cat dairy free rated country 14 tempeh reuben lunch room 15 drunken fried rice thai 16 sweet spicy chicken thai bad health good soul 17 baja fish taco isalita gluten free heard great things 18 tacos tmaz taqueria 19 korean bbq sandwich eat 20 sweet potato salad eat 21 spicy chicken sammy beli deli dairy free 22 gyro mezze greek grill 23 fried chicken dinner town 24 stilton fries ashley 's 25 rasberry bars tasty bakery gluten free vegan dairy free pretty campus lots solid options 26 chicken tikka masala suvai palace 27 steak avocado piada piada 28 chorizo frita egg frita batidos note 'm finished list research add stuff tonight 
36 act 35 math 35 english 36 reading 36 science 3.7 uw 4.3 gpa rigorous load honors multiple aps strong ecs including starting club working summer camp leadership board club 'm volunteering local representative 's campaign organizing tedx talk city state expect pretty good letters recommendation dream school isn 't place post info 


im freshmen skipped person told happen told wont sign classes semester happen 

wondering spent money experience making fit room dimensions 12x12 
'm moving campus time september 'm wondering switching utilities sign comcast landlord sign dte energy ann arbor water utility 'm stupid question 've 'm expect prepared electricity lol 
've told things 300 upper level ? 
bursley short 8 15 pm 11 28 edit flickering power enought stop fire alarm system fire 
hey quick question upperclassmen received sort financial based aid tuition increase reaching 55 credits based grant amount ? 'm state 'm hoping won 't paying 6,000 year 
hey guys left water battle room 1400 chem building today lmk finds 's yellow 1l tupperware 
'm range eecs 280 cs plausible major ? im worried handle 
classes ? 'm debating class workload ? 

don 't older friends umich 't hear word mouth find parties week specifically frat parties ? 
've looked 't find [hoodie derek jeter wearing http imgur 2qjna idea ? 
contact fixit ? repairman building 're working ? ridiculous edit called wash reported dryers 'd fix 
graduate courses undergrad ? specifically school kinesiology process ? 
freshman wrapping semester increasingly interested nursing switch schools umich lsa umich nursing potentially impression application process switch schools puts back par transfers previously admitted experience switching nursing college impressions correct smooth transition school ? 
literally 2 credits social science distribution 'm blow class minimal writing exams suggestions ? 
cs major 214 'm greatest math earned calc 1 2 earned eecs 203 discrete math 'm good proofs 214 taking side eecs classes semester common eecs students 'm world 's fastest coder work load 214 ? content ? lots reading ? homework ? assigned ? exams ? 
question asked 's huge response basically 'm gay 'm applying year biggest things gay life 'm necessarily huge organized gay community spectrum center lot gay guys ? gay dating life ? basically 's gay life umich guys ? edit hookups ? hard find people hook ? ton 
freshman fall semester engr 151 eecs 203 math 215 learning community workload schedule ? suggestions ? edit 15 credits total 
heard engineering worth 4 points true ? 
anime japanese culture club university michigan ? lame weeaboo club previous university ? time weekly meetings ? 
message 
'm interested biomedical engineering 's undergrad degree 'm interested developing medical devices people daily basis necessarily hospital equipment 've heard meche good 've interested chemistry cheme possibly matsci interests don 't 'm indifferent ee feel super helpful 'm ee minor tips ? 
account balance finances 180 ? 
3 wisconsin tickets pm price 
fellow wolverines thinking swapping eecs 376 schedule minute open discussion sections work time wise 'm wondering 376 discussion sections mandatory attend ? allowed attend sections open seats classroom 280 ? 
prospective student norway wondered international students tips financial tips pay ? 
'm 445 's shitty shitty ? friend 
hey graduated moved attend jordan merch release party hoping screaming harbaugh face pin event find exchange money ? asked mden helpful endeavor picture link don 't 'm taking https s15 postimg org qjxl6935n harbaugh pin png 

'm wait list class 5th don 't classes classes start ? understand won 't 'm 5th wait list classes ? don 't understand procedure waitlisted classes 

kinda scared 'll end ra class write kids tips dealing haven 't heard ? 
easier ? professors guys recommend ? 'm hard time health atm hard concentrate work pass guys recommend ? 

love music involved band choir highschool 'm lsa taking music classes interested performing issue school horn money outright buy resource buy high end horn cheaper side ? don 't appreciated 

'm junior year 3 yrs college level russian 'd continue practising russian skill 't make 4th year class due schedule conflict slavic department language table tea don 't work bet russian speaking students campus 'd give reddit pm 'm open topic conversation 
throw credit class doable ? replace classes linear algebra physics 340 
'all 're rent parking spot 610 forest send pm 

im purdue university freshman year engineering transfering uofm number reasons wondering terms gpa courses letters recommendation good chance accepted 
'm stressed accidentally overslept class clciv 217 medical terminology 's quiz class 10 points drain feel pretty shitty 84 mid term 's week ? 
hard coxswain umich men 's rowing team ? 'm sophomore make varsity ? helpful advice insight appreciated 
hey shower practice oosterban find nearby idea ? 
class elaborate difficult class ? info great 
searched question asked boot specific popped 'm nice pair boots michigan winters don 't bean boots overly furry functional outdoorsy guys buy boots ? trust ebay store ? pair leather doc martens waterproofed work good boots snow isn 't high ? salt stain ? 
current freshman 'm interested applying ca position year details haven 't released housing website hoping guys answer questions 's time commitment ? flexible people commitments urop ? choose work ? live work ? markley nice don 't live perks housing costs ? previous ca 's share experiences 
week 2 5 michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 1 0 [ucf http www espn college football team id 2116 1 0 kick 12 00pm 09 10 2016 television abc preview [espn http www espn ncf preview ? gameid 400869510 
opinion choice ? specific programs ? feel free comment advice starting bcn neuroscience major 

annoying prospective student admissions online residential college admits 300 students year https lsa umich rc prospective students apply html 's selective ill advised bet people apply due language requirements ? 

received wait list decision michigan offered guaranteed sophomore year transfer granted maintain 3.0 gpa committed school northeastern university boston excited studying boston northeastern great school michigan 1 choice state pass question kind stigma surrounding transfer students harder make friends housing situation normal dorms people age sort transfer dorm nature ? 'm wondering transfer credits work michigan specific transfer standard year courses northeastern transfer ? appreciated kind curious process 
working michigan daily ? make clear paid volunteer type thing ? info insight appreciated 
hard eecs 203 eecs 280 econ 401 semester ? taking asianlan 238 5 credit korean language taking 17 credits hold econ 401 asianlan semester ? 
alright back math 116 test pretty terrible 49 100 scale test 71 100 final grades follow scales general scale end ? major cs requires math 116 'm pretty worried complete requirement 
rooming assignment south quad coming school year wondering floor plan room dorm ? 
'm 311 440 461 450 ? tech elective 'm thinking choosing learn 
'm hoping attend fall engineering wondering guys prep university 'm supposed ap macroeconomics don 't leaves options ap comparative gov engineering modeling computer programming elective 'd recommend ? 
title aren 't interested events require tickets spending weekend freshman don 't weekend year 'm wondering perks spending 50 registration parking passes doesn 't good spend 50 weekend thx blue 
super early syllabuses classes register released access canvas pages courses ? 




hey guys wondering people math 215 past grade distribution math 215 approximately grade class 
'm freshman people skateboard send message 

jillian berman 'm reporter marketwatch cover higher education 'm michigan alum 'm working story ways people pay college generations 'm hoping talk families parents kids school sense similarities differences ways paid college interested chatting ? email jberman marketwatch reply pm forward chatting jillian 
've struggling depression years impacts parts life including school times 'm unable function coincides test essay grades increasingly worse harms mental health therapist thinks ssd verification accommodations offers 'm office talk break curious experiences sort things share thoughts concerns won 't provide accommodations 've increased test time separate testing rooms don 't thing professors give extra day recover test paper breakdown doesn 't feasible 'm afraid future professors employers admissions helped ssd advance thoughts blue tldr beneficial ssd documentation depression ? 
hey graduated umich year ago wondering answer question mass showings football games campus ? times hoping osu game 'll town 

'm recent undergraduate university pittsburgh moved monroe michigan job 'm marketing major great love film sadly isn 't monroe blockbusters looked ann arbor michigan theater thing sadly won 't make drive weekdays special weekend offering 's don 't interest foreseeable future wondering school film department good theaters ? preferably 's show movies 35mm occasion university michigan film department professor 's ? 
'm planning playing im soccer fall questions people allowed roster ? roster due ? actual soccer equipment time consuming play men 's club lacrosse team ? 
don 't check closely assuming work ? 
daughter started um mobile cell coverage north campus poor friend cell phone coverage poor iphones service coverage workarounds 'd recommend ? 
classical art archaeology interdisciplinary program uom 'm wondering impart thoughts opinions living texas ba anthropology ma archaeology michigan heck move texas wanted opinions program applied found program interesting interdisciplinary aspect classics programs focused epigraphy archaeology focus info ann arbor trad student 30s work university big university town 'd 've read reading 's subreddit direct 
'm print 'm curious options students 'm engineering imagine 'd access labs lsa matters 
'm applied statistics minor classes semester don 't sound great class 'm interested data mining stats 415 calc iii linear algebra advisory pre reqs class give feedback ? learn math concepts ? stats advisers helpful good stats classes recommend 'd 
'm thinking applying engineering large suburban area hate visited campus felt nice beautiful bit dead downtown ann arbor feels dead main streets tuesday night attending umich ? 
eecs 481 ? general questions class ? sort projects work freedom choose work ? project teams formed ? professor ? 
recommend volunteer opportunities groups campus surrounding area fight climate change promote environmentalism ? time act involved 
type 2 bipolar good psychiatrist back home jump doctor find good cognitive behavioral therapy free ocd support groups um premier health insurance choose psychiatrist specific network doctors recommend network limitation ? insurance yesterday 'm bit lost signed nami wc support group national alliance mental illness 

'm lsa honors signed stats 280 honors classes semester read online fact generally stats 250 haven 't statistics class ap statistics years ago statistics class 'm worried experience taking stats 280 statistics class ? advance 
park morning curtains haven 't moved 's inside apartments closed cleaning ? 
'm buy maryland tickets parents prefer sitting standing student section fb pages tickets haven 't find student section tickets 
rare pokemon campus ? rarest 've found magmar elbel 
edit 4 credit flex tech 
admission decisions month ? previous years ? 

'm find class add schedule decide 'm taking eecs281 math214 amcult303 'm data science major interested taking si courses classes im thinking taking si320 graphic design si honors physics365 cyberscience si330 data manipulation si 363 busting myths pursuing information innovations mobile apps workloads difficulties courses ? 
hoping eecs 311 eecs 373 eecs 445 intellectual breadth pass fail courses summer research don 't kill process reference stress handle semester eecs 281 370 216 tchnclcm 300 3 credits research survived talked don 't professor familiar classes experience hardware design micro controller systems 

accept venmo cash paypal rid ticket 
play overwatch pc 'm people play play plays ? 
hey guys accepted university michigan ann arbor winter lsa india wanted kind clothes packup year specifically boys cold weather 
attended orientation pretty limited classes ended asian 207 environ 139 earth 103 eecs 183 'm planning major comp sci lsa 12 credits planned semester stick schedule class ? recommend ? 
'm starting ukulele club plz pm interested comment join play play casually learn chill club jam 

successfully waitlist class ? confirm 've added waitlist ? 
live state applying umich year state admissions rating higher oos 't find concrete numbers percentages state admissions numbers ? percentages super helpful ton advance 
hey question prior experience moving freshman time slot 7 8pm tomorrow move mom scheduled family barbecue college send 5 8 pm tomorrow knowing time scheduled move run problems hall markley earlier day check move return home couple hours ? 'm 30 40 minutes option arrive 9 pm thoughts ? 
freshman rutgers university transfer umich sophomore experience speak ? isn 't easy transfer freshman wondering chance ? love umich finish planning classes starts 
week absolutely delicious 's workers asked weren 't happened end figured definite answer miss soft pretzels garlic butter sauce 
started eecs 280 fall semester deorio awesome guy great prof nervous class cs interests enjoyed taking eng 101 experienced coder scared won 't good guys advice helped succeed ? 
difficult time tracking umich 's bjj club meet involved ? 
missed hall 's change subsequent 've busy 's makeup 's open scheduled work won 't make earlier year upperclassman told missing relationship remix consequences class registration missing change ? 
'm taking pretty difficult eecs schedule semester added hindi 1 elective don 't credit intellectual breadth figured cool learn bit language basic speaking skills wondering class worth taking hindi class college ? difficulty amount learn class worth work put ? 
identical post made years ago updated responses spots nap campus ? information classes 
anthrarc 282 
orientation coming 'm decide general calc 2 calc 2 honors 'm engineering btw easier ? 156 'm engineering ? time commitment ? understand 's hard wondering 
guys question eecs 183 professors professor mary lou dorf william arthur ? attend lecture scheduling purposes 
hey wolverines 'm planning apply cs programme lsa umich website found cool programme called bluelab falls college engineering lsa participate bluelab projects ? 
hey peeps 'm international student moved markley sunday people dorm don 't friends end making couple friends party night 'm wanna semester starts international students formed groups hanging laptop wanna hang days ? computers watch lot tv watch soccer love read 
'm rising freshman 's increasingly interested transferring coe 'm lsa 'll taking calc iii fywr 3 credits humanities 4 credits language 'd give semester eases college life prevent shutting opportunity transfer coe 'm comfortable semester lsa transfer order meet transfer requirements 'd chem 130 125 126 physics 140 141 engr 101 winter term matters ap credit calc 115 calc 116 physics 240 padding making decisions winter term schedule ? 
thinking taking fulfill 300 humanities req haven 't heard ? easy whats load ? info humanities recommended list 
compare calc 2 econ 101 popular fin electives pointless helpful 
edit title eecs281 eecs280 doable load coding extremely 183 starting projects early 281 shouldn 't problem don 't 'll enjoy 370 've heard math 285 hardest courses uofm 's doable load substitute math285 math217 285 sem 'm taking eecs280 fywr humanities 
night ann arbor 're 21 ? bars friends frequent 21 'm allowed ? 
im aware school accepting freshman ross class year difficult ross freshman year applied michigan industrial engineering major applying coe made switch ? guess worst stuck coe ross optimal 
conflicted textbook worth buying advice ? 
uofm 'm game today blue 'm hanging dad aa game 're casual place eat isn 't gonna super busy good 'm 18 't place age restriction suggestions 
fellow wolverines play 
studied lot 76 ? feel bad 'm positive avg 90 ? advice experiences 

dorm empty 'm dead bored 
60 ? 70 ? 80 ? prospective freshman 
'm figure eecs 281 376 winter make alternative offered spring term clue information ? email advisor info ? 
process campus housing year 've noticed houses filter search includes internet rent https offcampushousing umich campus houses internet ? houses internet don 't include rent ? campus housing experience give input houses internet find house internet prior taking tour tldr safe assume campus houses apartments internet ? 
taking eecs 281 370 376 coming fall heavy courseload classes taking advise ? 
email schlissel im curious posted 
im interested michigan worried weather cali hard change ? 
fair warning 'm badger fan wondering town game don 't tickets ? sellers worse stubhub prices ? curious experience red btw michigan fan 
year student situation roommate 'm handle buckle live dorm roommate call literally smoking weed room don 't care smokes weed hate smell room stinks stuff weekend 2 staying tiny dorm room occasionally boyfriend town stay won 't hang dorm day smoking pot loud roommate sleep friends insanely rude act don 't dorm room 're roommate bitchy 't talk night left friends room sitting talking back leave sleep considerate lot things starting piss 'm thinking talking ra feels juvanile hand don 't talking 've kinda good thoughts ? tl dr pothead roommate 's mom scared room smells bad 
engineering elective semester taking che 344 econ 101 chem 261 asianlang 202 thoughts courses ? 
major political science resident ny suny schools good political science programs university michigan university minnesota university wisconsin top political science programs michigan political science program accepted michigan 10,000 tuition state student university michigan worth extra 10,000 tuition wisconsin 20,000 minnesota save money minnesota wisconsin ? 
workload survey difficulty undergrad eecs classes um scale 1 4 couldn 't find graduate classes experience classes rate difficulty wise ? scale 1 4 scale 4 hardest 545 machine learning 570 parallel computer architecture 573 microarchitecture 574 computational complexity 575 advanced cryptography 583 advanced compilers 588 computer network security 592 ai foundations figured grad students benefit 

'm transferring fall wondering helpful information started 
'm game saturday canada 'm wondering good recommendations hotels areas stay tail gate game buddies time 
fellow wolverines 're startup [branch http branchapp remember springfest apps stuff 've working hard response feedback couple months word anonymous hyper local chat app 're [hiring http imgur ycd75 people interested marketing growth general entrepreneurial experience pay bit dining hall jobs main requisites social skills creativity commitment 8 12 hours week directly message interested app kind box approach bringing campus closer spots shapiro library mojo skeeps respective anonymous chat favorite comment message directly message 're job 'd love checked app [ios https itunes apple app branch community network id1002284874 ? mt 8 ls 1 ign mpt uo 3d4 [android https play google store apps details ? id branchllc branch love gave feedback comments dm shooting email branchapp cheers branch team 
'm applied early action week invitation interview alumni reflect poorly put disadvantage opted ? don 't feel answers questions asked weak nonexistent don 't interview leave meh bad impression ? 

taking eecs 203 math 116 time terrible idea ? won 't fun schedule screwed hell end 
lead based paint ann arbor student housing normal occurrence ? epa pamphlet landlord gave roommates lead poisoning dangerous aren 't symptoms 's late 
calling chem 130 students biteen book ? 'm low income student parents wait book buy professors end book reference provide relevant pages book ? wait week ? questions 'm anxious excited scared reddit heavy 
heard start registering classes points friend 't find time slot 's wolverine access spent 20 minutes fiddling empty handed ? 
hey guys midterms week em econ401 guys tips study test ? class proulx hard tests compared workbook problems ? 
pm 're interested work 
basically 'm info programs engineering students 've heard apply doesn 't umich research programs reu internship programs study abroad programs advice ? 
't make game student buy ticket freshman don 't fair price game penn state makes difference 


noticed bus feature michigan app recently updated update users permitted select routes view time wanted updated version lets user view route time 'm unique frequent functionality app 've submitted grievances feedback received complaint 's open michigan app home page tap settings tap feedback submit thoughts bus make select bus feature 're providing feedback 
hey guys semester fast approaching 've applying work study jobs year applied august initial email stuff 'd hear weeks word follow emails advice ? 
experience services ? incoming grad student 'm state car cost insurance car 'd month time campus zipcar short term car rental stuff 'm online gm maven service don 't basically cars rent zipcars cars area time zipcar subscribers ? figure easier car short notice location wise 'm living wilderness northwood 
planning taking eecs 281 eecs 270 stats 412 300 level humanities stats 412 filled difficult eecs 281 eecs 270 eecs 215 classes semester work ? eecs 281 eecs 270 eecs 370 good flextechs ce majors replace stats 412 ? 
hey advice successful 281 ? manage time projects ? resources helped projects exams ? long projects ? topics 280 worth refreshing classes start ? pretty intimidated excited class due reputation designing programs scratch function declarations starter code makes nervous hard transition 183 280 project designs essentially spoon fed 281 ? taking eecs 370 semester 
long alumni access mwireless post graduation ? mwireless access ? 
'm interested men 's rowing 've heard costs thousand men free women varsity sport women club men explain difference 's guy involved rowing spending thousands ? 
random desperately talk medical marijuana actual medical purpose research paper fine talking phone email person don 't real comfortable 
'tis returned dumb question annoying af bio class advisory pre req chem 210 orgo fulfill requirement orgo bad idea ? 's 225 physiology neurobiology figure orgo plays background role understanding specific reactions work helpful understanding material won 't crucial 
housing assignment markley 'm curious roommate assignment random wait till 've looked housing website 't find mention roommate assignments 
long shot 've typical strength training 2 years squat bench deadlift uofm 'm interested learning olympic lifts lifts pretty technical coach ? 
suggestions popular food delivery app ann arbor ? 
'm florida grad school computer stuff 'm rid difficult ship 'm hoping local pickup 'll bring good condition working 're interested give pm prices negotiable antec 1200 full tower case 50 coolermaster haf932 full tower case 50 corsair tx850 850 power supply 50 3x2 gb ocz ddr3 1600 memory 20 
stressed seniors applying rn 
super cool fun classes people ? type class 1 credit higher don 't fulfill requirement basically fun class won 't super hard give break technical classes 
hey guys curious 's dance club focusing popping style groups gather people practice 
required prompts um general admission application belongs communities groups defined things shared geography religion ethnicity income cuisine interest race ideology intellectual heritage choose communities belong describe community place wrote draft interest fantasy books reading sharing readers good ? acceptable answer question ? considered community ? 
season wolverines ? 
started um recently 'm starting back running figure 'll move indoors winter arrives department close ccrb questions ccrb 's track ? usual 1 8 mile ? crowded ? showers ? clean ? guy age 70 dong ? towels ? pay towels ? don 't deal carrying wet towel bunch 
involved year club don 't care professional social make friends good club join ? 
hey 'm state freshman year figuring travel plans back campus classes jan 4 deal flight found arrives detroit 11 30 day classes start significantly cheaper wondering classes care miss day ? schedule time wise plan taking physics 240 calc iii engr 101 235 insight awesome edit labs week classes ? 
sophomore msu 3.44 gpa end year 'm hoping 3.6 'm good standing university gpa bit low started freshman year bit sluggish 'm broad msu 'm alternatives 'm big fan life msu anymore novelty wore plain simple ross business school harder admit transfer students year curious gpa 3.6 chances provide information 's needed 'm 's account admission ross 
taking exam today im freaking bad drop exam sign telling ill screwed semester ? 
'm engineer flex tech reviews ners 211 ? 've heard easy people changed lot 2013 difficult truth ? discussions mandatory ? left open 9am friday 
heading columbus game november ? put alltherooms page people traveling find places stay stadium www alltherooms vb michigan ohio 

'm coe 'm thinking linear algebra semester math 417 wei ho rob eggermont ? 
18cr graded additional graded pass fail limit ? 
hey 'm freshman engineering student deciding engr 100 class semester 's 's opinion class 're ? haven 't heard good things heard work solar mars underwater vehicle sound interesting 'd open people found difficult 'm concerned boosting gpa semester taking eecs 280 eecs 203 3 4 credit humanities class 
experience ? walking today gave impression bit shit show finding parking due moving ? 

's process teaching assistant lower level engineering classes ? ia semester eng 100 eng 101 eecs 280 don 't positions applying advice topic ? advance 
hey guys completed orientation yesterday made schedule liking english 124 125 completely closed morning registration english 125 restricted section open thought orientation date late year class morning registration realized insane english department close required year writing 1 3 orientations completed theorized department keeping seats closed orientation dates students asked status english 125 peer advisors told sections closed sign classes open situation confused thought required year courses students orientation date thought mid june orientation early kids talking english winter unavailable started doubt assumption question english 125 classes seats periodically opened summer late orientation kids ? departments courses 've heard surely follow procedure engineering courses addition big english 125 classes ? lastly signed english 125 class topic class general topic class topic decided ? advance greatly appreciated 
2.5 fire alarms rn ? 
rising freshman michigan lsa interested pursuing transfer engineering 'm 's point direction find semester 's path ? 've looked clubs maize pages 'm exist faded existence 
obvious 'm bit confused math class year intend major math science related 'm haven 't orientation taking placement testa 5 ap calc ab 32 math act matters umich 's ap ib page 're eligible enroll math 116 156 174 175 185 186 295 people 116 've heard 156 bit easier apparently 's taught true guys recommend ? opinions classes ? 'm target audience advice guys 

'm freshman fall taking si 110 intro information mark newman give idea material class covers level work difficulty ? 
couple days ago cat alfredo missing 're worried wondering [this http imgur kgezzcl jpg information whereabouts leads message account missing saturday night november 5 7 pm housemates miss love back home community 
'm international student weight space limit luggage 'm bring blankets bedding pillows 's place stuff ? idea earth 'm carry stuff dorm couzens ? edit advice met roommate 's great offered drive stuff won 't 

good cheap restaurant ann arbor ? place casual 
start cooking don 't groceries 'm living ccrb don 't access car apparently services deliver groceries fee avoid pay fee ideally priced grocery store walking distance good selection past year haven 't found guess choice hop city bus meijer trader joe 's place quick bus stop reasonable prices good selection ? delivered save time ? 'm busy engineering student option ? 
room house packard couple friends studying abroad semester 's subleasing ? absolutely experience 

'm transfer student question find roommate ? 
ticket hawaii game 3rd 't make 's typical price people resell ? 
subreddit buying selling michigan student tickets ? extra ticket short notice 
'm find housing website 
ann arbor 's public access station ctn television show a2 shield aims create dialogue public ann arbor police department questions public ann arbor police department questions department feel free post include questions police officers answer air range body cams drugs local ordinances ann arbor police procedure streaming https a2ctn viebit youtube https youtube user ctnannarbor 
taking classes local community college classes transfer ap credit affect gpa university ? 
experience process obtaining research position polsci department ? 
friends moving house september internet plans 've heard horror stories comcast good alternatives ? safer plans aforemementioned isps ? 
https memrey share web app created feel lot students researchers 's story made started plan build app personal creating initial prototype realized dependable feature rich notes app creating app work evernote evernote notes apps coming back prototype ? note taking apps works built notes inline note context notes problems design long notes added features fix issues long notes auto collapsed easily expand collapse note clicking note title area save bookmarks related notepad working time adding features personally app everyday work personal app pretty solid fixed bugs issues years 's easy great people online notebooks store notes bookmarks privately collaborate people share note public url read edit mode app completely realtime update instantly collaborators type text notes app isn 't meant replace apple notes coexist apple notes quick scratch notes working project research memrey worked hard mobile version web app site completely responsive work screen size mobile device student app collect notes class projects working give memrey app free future coming business model interested people feedback making users love hearing ideas don 't change helps make product checking https memrey 
've orientation tommorow 've heard year experience program fun make friends 'm scared bunch grueling eachother games tommorow program enroll class give credit semester experience program ? 
committed sounded extra advising 't hurt figure don 't ? 
single bursley upcoming year double hill central campus 
forgot 've scholarship stuff due mid wondering due college engineering 
'm majoring communications 've decided 'd expedite process attempt graduate fewer years order economize tuition price long takes complete degree 'd cut future rent debt job sooner suppose irrelevant information bearing real question heard spring summer classes generally easier classes fall winter pace classes fast fall winter 8 credits spring summer feels 14 credits fall winter true ? 're easier fall winter classes credit hours feel heavier ? 'm listening wrong people ? question useless 'd taking generally easy classes spanish communications psychology english attest give general insight ? appreciated 
advice econ 401 econ 251 expect advice matter ? terms internships titles branches economics make marketable coming school ? 
'm prospective grad school student 'd live northwood housing april searching university 's housing site 't site rooms university housing ? 
prospective freshman people eachother ? don 't attend school 't people class highschool won 't students absolutely despise 
plausible econ 101 econ 102 semester ? ap micro ap macro high school scored 5 exams courses ap extent 101 taking 102 ? case courses calc 1 2 

received 5 ap exam credit meeting concentration advisor physics 'd concentration physics order credits ?? bring lab booklet meeting explain labs physics ? lastly meeting occur ? blue 
place online diag reserves spot student organization mason hall ? ? allowed sell items organization ? diag couldn 't sell free rules attempt sell things fundraise campus ? 
contemplating work study flexible work schedule ? choose days times work ? 
3 tickets game saturday selling pm 

's halloween ? day halloween weekends leading bars ? festivals ? suggestions greatly appreciated 
list ann arbor apartments central campus tons apartment buildings 's difficult find rent floor plans information places specifically 'm 3 bedroom apartment bus stop central south campus recommendations ? 've looked abodo diag listed 

hey familiar 's online mmo game create country play countries form alliances fight trade recently started playing colleagues play play link https politicsandwar 's free play simple game 's fun class shoot pm start playing 'll send money sign 
smaller number classes improve gpa ? stretch semester 
'm thinking taking 452 451 design class composite material class design career 520 fluids 540 poorly dynamics wanna make 560 'm taking 360 summer found system modeling control interesting suggestion ? 
long time ago stumbled incredibly thread hardest class interested figured time update 's hardest class 've umich ? hard workload conceptual issues ? 
state high schooler 3.6 gpa 31 act ? 

't remember lost shit 
thinking taking class fulfill 300 humanities credit requirement discussion session mandatory ? 'm taking difficult engineering courses don 't overwhelmed 
big ticket productions theta xi hosting big concert 're announcing artist monday ideas ? [event page https www facebook events 1278156575541660 [concert website http beyondthebluebenefit org 

north campus chance google fi ? att service sucks engineering buildings venture rural areas lot google fi work thoughts ? 

left skateboard chem 1800 thursday 's long shot lost found chem building ? 
school 's december report dec 1 idea received looked ? state international 
junior high school 4.03 gpa student council secretary key club vice president spanish club national honor society seal global language ap scholar haven 't sat 'm score 1270 1320 
excellent 2 bedroom apartment lined school year squad person fill damn older friends 500 month 'm clean tidy guy takes classes likes chill weekends desired roommate tidy respectful gender doesn 't matter comment pm interested 

'm ahead winter semester eecs 281 docket 'm 280 haven 't project 1 cake pretty expected 'd imagine wise 281 physics 240 math 216 calc iv ? 've heard 281 class makes breaks cs major 'm give semi easy semester focus 281 guys recommend ? 
hey wondering experience climate science engineering major minor thinking adding minor wanted hear students impressions program enjoyed ? change ? advance 
's election day don 't care vote vote president things vote local level thing complacency doesn 't matter skip class vote 
'm thinking schedule semester schedule eecs470 computer architecture eecs583 back end compiler eecs496 tcom496 'm wondering eecs470 eecs583 work ? friends eecs583 workload comparable eecs370 
seating general admission ? 's mcard enter ? student entrance 's regular football season accessible tomorrow ? 
resource find evaluations grade distributions potential classes semester ? check http umichcourses 
'm student 's transferring nuclear engineering department coming 3 math electives won 't accept ap credit calc 1 4th math class advisor helped figure classes sign math 217 linear algebra 've heard students 's hell extremely hard pass worth speaking advisor math 214 winter semester stick ? exceedingly rough time ? 
floor 2 30 ? thought left 're planning lost found mine didn 't wet umbrella stall walk home rain 
'm student 360 summer sjtu control class 461 offered fall eecs 460 approval professor teaches eecs 460 taking eecs 216 obstacle good grade ? contents similar 360 guess depth 
planning transferring lsa upcoming winter semester tufts university applied 5 1 2 weeks ago told hear 6 initially applied concern hear back ? feel oftentimes admissions transfers tad delayed high list priorities impatient pertinent week time frame reasons specific tuition money externalities admitted coming high school makes difference insight appreciated blue 
made decision rush semester hoping good meeting people involved campus good social life balance academic courseload rushed houses open house period received invites back open houses struck happen frequently ? rush houses meet brothers time limited clubs applied dance team 've auditioned 've heard 's hard meet people students classes upperclassmen friend groups freshman bother experience ? completely strike rush ? 
funky courses 
anthrcul 254 anthropology food guest speaker tomorrow spent good chunk career food scientist working 'big food companies good questions burning topics food industry obesity epidemic gmo added sugar labels enriched hybridized wheat good questions guy worked iron curtain food industry ? guys post questions happy give answers lecture tomorrow 
freshman year semester calc 3 chem 130 physics 140 focus add class ? found sections professors classes ? 
places campus majors minors practice piano ? unable bring digital piano home practice private places preferable 
edit bought pair tickets offers guys girls mods delete ? 'm tickets 'm meet ann arbor today pm discuss 

similar post weeks ago 'm bit detailed busy expect ccrb 8am 7 8pm ? 's student gym campus moment 'm guessing 's empty expect ccrb crowded imsb opens weeks ? gym feel free chime 'm start lifting don 't feel ass busy hours advice appreciated 
'm planning taking semester winter2017 tbh 'm nervous class good tips tricks class ? study work labs ? interested tutoring appreciated 

similar unique school mail meant person include middle possibly graduation date ? 

picking classes semester questions fellow cs students alum wondering eecs 482 os eecs 376 conjunction ? workload ? good theoretical specifically eecs 203 spent lot time eecs 281 class 376 correlate 203 ? planning taking operating systems hear opinions 376 paired 482 
3 4 credit general elective 've ? 't lot work 'm taking high workload classes 
thinking taking eecs 370 376 484 econ 402 doable begin question sanity ? 've heard people eecs courses stats 250 402 guys ? 
time students sign classes winter semester ? earliest advising appointment november 28th late classes ? 
ccrb time showers curtains form privacy male locker room apparently female showers makes uncomfortable don 't lecture man body type facilities campus private showers men ? 's towel service ? 
room house packard 10 min walk central 'm graduating semester early sublet lease winter semester 's advertise difficult task ? 'm paying 750 month includes utilities charging ? confused process 
older thread basically collection easy classes 've decided transfer humanities social science subject 'm 3.5 ? history 373 phil 356 psychology 250 earth 103 earth 107 psychology 112 psychology 393 ? ? amcult suggest amcult ? change schedule doable 14 15 credits 
hey guys 'm taking eecs183 semester grade close perfect 99 100 loved class ia future semester ia semester ? applications start ? pay grader ? 
researcher access dissertation student published part dissertation 't access proquest usual source deep blue login https deepblue lib umich handle 2027.42 120899 acquiring appreciated upvotes karma whatnot emailed username gmail redditors 
hard ? lot effort scrape 's put effort 's ? specifically schedule eecs 216 230 301 math 217 
pretty easy semester fall class spend time recommend ? 's advice ? 
find roommates year current apartment 's live dorm year 't find good info umich housing website live single dorm east quad year ? love current apartment 3 people 580 month current roommates graduating year don 't 'll find 
'm freshman end north campus wondering 's safe smart bring wii ps4 dorm 'm scared stolen ps4 video games netflix blu ray bringing wii primarily super smash bro 's leaving ps3 wii home ny travel back ny holidays safe leaving consoles dorm ? place lock storage campus ? input guys 
hey guys 'm taking eecs203 semester 's hard thought good idea study group taking class form study group ? 
hey guys freshman international student 've made friends past days 've hanging feel extremely homesick anxious depressed 'm hanging understand 't hang time 've scheduled appointment caps 's wednesday driving crazy guys tips solve ? doesn 't 've stomach ache constipation doesn 't stop symptom anxiousness fact 've eating 3 slices pizza literally everyday guys loner fine back home smallest things remind home clothes dirty reminds didn 't worry drop water bottle reminds dad 't continue live 's 'm depressed small things making homesick anxious shouldn 't appreciated 'm conflicted thoughts didn 't make lot sense hope guys overcome blue 
schedule winter freshmen year chem215 216 hh orgo2 honors math 116 physics 140 bio173 bio lab drop honor chem ? arduous math116 ? 've heard horror stories calc2 question guess hv chance survive ? thx ur 
? hard main focus ? 

week 5 4 michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 4 0 8 wisconsin http www espn college football team id 275 4 0 kick 3 30 pm 10 01 2016 television abc preview [espn http www espn college football preview ? gameid 400869664 
hey 'm incoming freshman planning move campus couple weeks today signed move slot noticed sunday monday options significantly time options people attend weekend ? pick move sunday monday classes miss experience ? blue 
received admissions decision mid november college engineering ? personally completed application 24th august marked complete mid september emailed senior admissions counselors response reviewing early action freshmen application accepted waiting admissions decision till end november early december ? long wait decision ? enrollment deposit deadline 1st december seniors applicants experienced situation ? 
've walked garage bar day people ? tough carders ? lolol 
don 't club campus wondering potential beginners experienced people 
classes count technical electives ? plan schedule years current plan technical elective spots haven 't find information classes count 
'm planning taking lighter schedule plan taking eecs 381 'm trouble filling plate 'm 11 credits looked 1 credit classes naked eye astronomy interest intend naked eye astronomy year 2 credit classes labs half semester classes time consuming 2 credits full semester experience 3 credit classes jokes require commitment experience 4 credit class 'm needle haystack don 't expect finding incase miss golden egg im don 't find 'll 1 credit minicourse 3 credit ns interesting hands class 
class ? ? 
title states 'd love learn olympic lifts teach good experience lifts direct resource learn ? plenty videos online 've heard typically coach ideally 'd learn 
place 10 minute walk campus subletting bedroom 6 bedroom 2 bathroom house rent 650 price negotiable message 're interested happy 
week 13 3 michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 10 1 2 ohio state http www espn college football team id 194 ohio state buckeyes 10 1 kick 12 00 pm 11 26 2016 television abc preview [espn http www espn college football game ? gameid 400869650 
um undergrads advantage applying um graduate programs ? apply mathematical computational finance programs year 'm worried gre score isn 't good 164 160 4w schools 'm carnegie mellon nyu stretch 'm gonna shot um 's quant finance program 'm um student ? 'm econ major math minor matters 
home game year indiana 'd time starts noon 3 30pm ? ideas ? 
cee 265 recently ? haven 't find reviews hoping easier tech elective ioe 
im transfering hfcc told software engineering program recalculated 3.0 gpa wondering true link explanation total 3.4 gpa 
[academic transition university study entering year university fall 2016 chance win cash prizes 100 [20 prizes approved post mod received permission post moderators subreddit details goal regulation lab pi milyavskaya carleton psychology department searching participants study transition university year students study participation consists completing online questionnaires initial 30 minute questionnaire start semester 3 follow 20 minute questionnaires middle end fall end winter semesters completion time point participants entered draw chance win cash prizes 100 20 prizes participants students starting university time fall 2016 helping important research interested participating questions email year carleton study gmail send details study link study cleared carleton university research ethics board protocol 104890 
'll sophomore year wondering dorm selection process year housing north quad south quad west quad ? interested campus housing early start apartments ? 
hey taking econ 409 semester heard difficult class students struggle solid econ 401 concerned 409 doesn 't reviews online thoughts past experiences econ 409 ? clarify 'm comp sci eng 'm thinking taking 409 cs flex tech double counts econ minor blue 
water electricity cost month 2 bedroom apartment housing 4 ppl ? 
survive eecs 485 eecs 482 ? classes project heavy 482 pretty difficult pairing terrible idea ? 
hey guys made [these http imgur o8lj0 friends couple months back kinda blew interest 've periodically restocking smalls left 20 mediums larges sold 're interested send email maynarde umich don 't check reddit prompt replying size don 't email people printing blue 

prospective 281 student semester lectures recorded ? 've heard paoletti lectures coincide classes taking lectures recorded sign section watch lecture vouch ? 
orgo semester track physics impossible split summer taking academic year ? gonna forget ? 
hey 'm tech guy recommendations bars restaurants hockey games weekend good hockey oriented places grab food ? google recommending arena 've closed 


'm planning transfer mechanical engineering finish pre reqs question michigan average gpa repeat classes ? grade current school takes score shows lower graded class transcript schools gpa transcript evaluate academic terms 
paid tutoring ? apparently exams section talk site info sign ? 
current sophmore debating majors hear pros cons majors michigan thinking economics open hearing current major ? ? changed choose ? 

transfers find tuition bill due ? 
hey guys purchasing blue apple today realized fee dining dollars blue bucks institution accepts forms payment wondering state method register 's sort order drain accounts dining dollars emptied blue bucks charges switch blue bucks ? info related forgot employee 's bugging don 't wait open tmrr advance blue 
learning awaits 
thinking living university towers coming school year wondering people thought heard lot remodeling 
've walked past people week playing overwatch ugli caen computers huge rush didn 't chance ? knowledge administrator rights download weren 't emulating game laptop hdmi cord 
eecs 280 eecs 203 orgo 1 lab 3 credit urop project manageable ? 
basically 'm taking classes light 12 credit semester 'm terms work load archived post addresses agreement 's doable 'd people 280 203 killed problem grain salt 'm fine perspective title time ? 
make plan vote tuesday work ? lunch ? work ? break ? put calendar vote make friends family coworkers polls open 7 00am 8 00pm lines long plan time case line 8 00pm vote stay [find voting location https webapps sos state mi mvic vote assigned polling place sample ballot voter registration card id bring people state id card michigan driver license generally recognized picture id card don 't picture id card sign sworn statement effect vote counted time michigan voter registered vote mail required show michigan id utility bill government document shows current address [more info http www michigan gov sos 0,1607,7 127 29836 202520 00 html vote ? 'm important vote 't sit booth phone people find sample ballot races 'll voting www vote411 org https ballotpedia org don 't dismayed number races 's great time start top work thing google newspaper news site opinion trust voting guide talk 're endorsing post comments 'll running list find info local races www vote411 org https ballotpedia org information found [here http www michigan gov sos 0,1607,7 127 1633 49313 00 html beware site user friendly 've missed 'll update post questions vote vote counts vote doesn 't tip election makes statement sends message kind leaders 
fairly safe major buisness ross interested ib high chance jobless 4 years ? 
moved detrot toronto 26 year guy fan pretty sports counting days big house arrived goat learned catches gimmicks place pre game beers avoid paying 100 hotel edit guess pm ? seats lower section michigan side corner don 't responses 'm finding random person ann arbor saturday 're gonna friend 'm gonna post pictures fun 
's noob question guys full headed weeks game 10 11 'm presuming 's fairly early 
pair rokit 5 studio monitors krk 10in studio subwoofer upgraded don 't space pat majors em ? monitors 150 obo 325 obo pm interested 
's doable 
'm find jack daniels shirt halloween costume 's amazon prime expedited shipping online campus buy borrow ? 'm size 
'm clubs join make female friends girlfriend ? 'm engineering student aren 't classes 'm fairly active organization meets 2 times week recommendations ? 
'm wondering planned load semester plan econ 101 5 ap micro shouldn 't bad polsci 111 american politics stats 250 eecs 183 prior coding experience minimal python thoughts ? 'm pretty good numbers 5 bc calc 'm hoping won 't brutal completely wrong lmk 
set apple tv dorms set ? 't connect mwireless 
? mcdb 429 pre med 
environ orgstudy 208 learn class sara soderstrom professor ? 
term project physics 161 lab 'd project ideas people lab previously 's open ended decide experiment undertake real stipulation imu 
signed appointment 'm feeling exam grades turning figuring ? ? 
people freshman assigned cambridge house part west quad find picture dorm room makes dorm shopping general excitement dorm kind difficult 5th floor 182 square foot room details closets bathrooms beds desks carpeting pictures information fill 

events things ann arbor ? 'm state college town bar crawls frat parties lot students summer 
hey give info earth science program ? cc college student transferring january don 't program 's great 
people buying mopeds ? 't find store ann arbor 'm taotao cheap 
semester eecs 183 2 hour lab section friends semester 1 hour discussion pretty optional explanation change ? 
preferably central campus north campus grateful point luxurious place preferably shared room message comment 
taking combination classes eecs 376 eecs 388 eecs 475 eecs 482 eecs class ideal ? personal experiences classes class enjoyable ? workload ? beneficial lecture ? classes enjoy existence ? preference 388 376 475 taking 388 475 helpful bad idea ? 
profs recommend ? 
hey ann arbor sophomore year attending uofm dearborn freshman year msu uofm scholarship pushed ann arbor excited scholarship live 'm scared people ann arbor pretentious walk 're ivy league school 've heard people people question reddit user asked 'll find kinds people ann arbor students undergrad students feel air ann arbor ? pretentious ? people stuck rude ? ann arbor ? feel experience ? edit 'm bio major 'd lsa 
sound super lazy reading eecs 381 ? 'm lazy don 't mind informative reading dislike class chapters dry reading week people class notoriously difficult hard class ? taking 381 482 semester wait 482 peter chen teaching ? 
wondering facility air conditioned including basketball gyms 
rest tickets mgoblue single seat expensive buy tickets student selling student section tickets friend show mcard ? ? 'm 'm person situation 
august 2 'm bit concerned classes filling experience late orientation ? types classes filled ? 'm interested stem classes online anthrbio 201 spaces left 's prerequisite major thoughts ? 
'm semester questions 1 ? thoughts ? prepare ? 2 projects exams ? 3 language ? sql ? java ? 
work study jobs competitive ? apply job reasonable chance ? 'm thinking write cover letter job apply ? 
'm junior transfer student 'm curious tickets reservations central student government airbus ? link website apparently page 't found ? 
'm organize meet red bar detroit 
eecs281 +370 +285 +300level humanity eecs281 +370 +376 ? 
easier lsa residential college ? 
6 guys headed ann arbor 3rd annual cfb trip wolverines embarrass penn state national television east coast jersey guys wondering sort ticket exchange website point group seats raped stub hub 's world good inside info 

student section tickets 
stationary bikes campus ? avid cyclist weather absolute crap 'd love train indoors bonus points cycle machines output power data gym room isn 't 90 degrees 10 minutes working 
discussion required class ? class semester discussion section conflicts senior design class discussion 
taking physics 240 fall 've heard horror stories people year ago changed make workload exams bit manageable ? advice strategies ensure success learning materials performing exams ? 
'm 1 1 math 425 probability tutor email 445 iskillingme gmail discuss price things 
'm taking eecs 203 semester average 50 finals 2 3 percent standard deviation 'm average homework class past curve looked class ? final order passing grade wondering ? 
hey thinking taking econ 101 semester syllabus sections fall idea 's ? prof hardest ? 
people show clinton 's rally bernie signs post pics amazing 
give advice taking exposure 311 's 2yrs 211 
won 't join boxing club single punching bag ccrb boxing team access punching bags sports coliseum find heavy bags campus gain access heavy bags joining boxing club ? 
people living houses 'm personally wickfield property house guys set wifi ? reference 'm house 7 advice large households appreciated 
'm incoming freshman upperclassmen fellow freshman insight ahead essential dorm items people don 't incredibly peer ? 
'm freshman engineering 'm interested cheme environmental 'm chem210 love class subject 'm wondering loving orgo good indicator enjoying cheme cheme 's experiences general good professors type classes favorite classes types internships jobs offer 
university rank 60 cs department isn 't transfer professors accessible thirsty research assistants posters cs powerhouse nation tier 1 mistaken 'm assuming research experience professors mega competitive experience ? hard land research assistant positions professors ? hard land cs related jobs campus ? aren 't competing information systems majors job web dev provided 've grades pretty darned difficult advice give landing positions ? current areas interest big data virtual reality artificial reality artificial intelligence kind wolverines 
facebook friends posting son accepted lsa ann arbor making ? friend daughter hearing rumors kids accepted 

'm general opinions program 've spoken advisors make sound extremely appealing 's job crucial gmat score accepted ? stated minimum requirement poor test taker 'm worried potential score practice test scores 550 600 
'm miserable 't bear haven 't made friends friend group roommate solid friend group feel 't enjoy college embarrassing literally cried today home weekends friends parents ? festifall friday mass meetings haven 't happened 
300 music lsa music minor blow classes 
http admissions umich apply freshmen applicants student profile 
'm student philadelphia internship summer 'm wondering people michigan ? hiking cool night life short bored live summer ? fav things summer ? 
experience taking graphic design classes uofm graphic design majors ? don 't experience graphic design interested learning 

easier ? ? 


183 thought 'd skilled make app completing feel barely program make level simple programs personal calendar online store feel 'm ready 280 program show 'm ready 280 ? programming ideas ? 
iclicker sell ? 
great places work study jobs campus ? work 10 hours week 
alright guess 's 'll preface freshman 'm 've week things change days weeks months progress buttt suppose michigan social scene hasn 't expected ? parties frats tailgates pretty tough 'm girl people incredibly exclusive 're letting guess 'm fun thought people ? experience good time clique feeling fun welcoming experience told guess 'm week deal ? things calm people aren 't partying everyday 't wanting crazy friends schools fun parties aren 't exclusive bit welcoming ? don 't clusterfuck post don 't 'm typing point ya 'm concerned 'll feel forever 
spamming umich email recommended 'm smart ? ?? 
'm transfer lsa transfer kinesiology sm major hard cross transfer kinesiology ? 
year preselling trust 'm engineer shirts year idea ? 
chelsea real madrid game tomorrow current traffic closures 
yup artsy people create sort michigan banner 'd incorporate top banner boring plain blue 'd collage academic sports michigan athletics super cool michigan offers lot 'm size play provided 
hey guys housed mary markley year couple questions people buses ? noticed rec centers classes addition bathrooms compare east quad south quad 
hey late game idea nice 912 forest apartments ? 
wondering classes practically guaranteed 's show class minimal assigned work signed science classes totaling 13 credits originally planning taking class 've realized taking easier class helpful buffering gpa graduate spring class easy 'm spend time class 1 hour week 'm open classes departments classes ? 
experience bad class retaking grade retake class bad grade grade replace bad grade ? 
hey guys 'm taking fairly demanding load semester eecs280 econ401 fywr courses don 't require lot work ulwr semester fywr ? 
's basically repeat apartment post wanted past experiences houses share living friends random people worked 
hey guys 'll graduating early sublease room house winter semester sublease cheaper pay pay 760 included 'm thinking 500 550 's time 'll 'm websites platforms advertise 
'm thinking taking latin 102 pass fail semester checked [pass fail policy page https lsa umich advising policies procedures pass fail html language requirement restrictions pass fail ? fourth semester language courses satisfy lsa language requirement pass fail language classes graded graded ? 
riot yahoo bring events campuses strong rivalries vote pick top 5 campuses osuvsum top 5 start day drop bit yesterday 're 5th place drop voting doesn 't pick 're vote remember vote daily multiple devices browsers profiles vote isn 't speed friends interested send people voting [link https esports yahoo league legends tournaments ulol rivalries 128 
fleetwood diner good cheap restaurants open late ? 

incoming freshman 've orientation created schedule ap scores back expected calculus bc 'm engineering scheduled calc 2 math 116 switch math 215 change entire schedule semester calculus ? don 't enjoy calculus 
'm thinking taking class hardware coding section trouble deciding offer opinions workload pretty light kind projects hardware work ? 

'm cs major confused classes showed open seats super long waitlist terms likelihood class register tomorrow ? seats reserved ? 
understand classes required lot freshmen open summer reserve spaces people orientation fyseminars opened remaining spots morning big classes pretty filled ? econ 101 sections closed lectures missing discussion sections guide 106 108 112 114 caldwell lecture eventually add sections make seats ? add lecture assume econ winter ? 
hey guys 're coming canada watch home football game year hawaii wondering early arrive tailgating place park 
exam organic chemistry tuesday 6 idea sort things exam ? 
feel real dumbass hell 've dorm key pin day past months problem guess muscle memory stopped paying attention combination punched wouldn 't problem ordinarily morning roommate woke nice early asked card lost wallet asked pin gave thought correct surprise wrong 't remember code life muscle memory 't numbers vague pattern 's working find code ? 'll hit community center opens thought 'all 
apply lot schools lot worry application lot confidence apply happen stories 've heard typical apps ? understand years change good picture rising senior liberal arts degree 's form pre law communication poly sci economics 's long shot sat scale 1240 710 eng 570 math math shit redoing october testing writing received 7 8 subject tests received 740 history 640 world history 670 literature scores good acceptable ? act 30 composite 28 math 28 reading 34 science 34 writing retake 32 composite ap 5 ush 5 lang 4 wh 4 geo 3 bio 2 physics 1 lol mentioning gpa won 't final gpa unweighted 3.7 ish checked 3.6 weighted class rank 119 732 82 freshman year sophomore year convinced military legacy life didn 't care lot end junior year semester semester made grades raise gpa rank electives national honor society president debate president 3 year debater quarterfinalist american semifinalist international public forum national tournament champions lots accomplishments senior year semester boy scout jrotc 4 years 2nd lt promoted founding political organization raise political awareness activity community volunteered meals wheels charitable activities guitar 7 years white male rip perfect home wrote college essays shot slim advice improve reading hope examples apps 
high school student applied umich wondering fraternity rush process works umich recruitment occur fraternities ? rush event ? recruited fraternity ? selective fraternities ? texas don 't connections umich greek life 'd information fraternity rush process works umich additionally insights perspectives greek life umich appreciated 
rejected ross pre admit 'm planning apply normal decision sophomore year classes freshman year ? easy classes good gpa harder classes show 'm ? bunch econ classes bunch general studies classes ? 
class interesting ? workload reasonable ? 
'm transfer student mechanical engineering sophomore don 't people 'm debating wether rush triangle specific worried time commitment don 't wrong time semester taking 12 credit hours input 
forms submit host guest dorm night ? specfic rules guidlines ? 
'm interested organized backpacking trip fall break 'm wondering major differences trips planned michigan backpacking club outdoor adventures club ? appears oa trips expensive university mbc trips cheaper organized student org 'm apprehensive trip backpacking experience shy absolutely love spending time outdoors enjoyed camping 've ideal backpacking trip camp spend days casually exploring beautiful place 's experiences club ? strenuous trip socially ? social aspect anxious 'd admit interested pictured rocks group red river gorge mbc 
guys isn 't ideal place situations 'm aware subreddit isn 't financial services office 't people risking current good fortune 'm hoping answers experience 'm navigate 's current situation 'm transfer student coming 55 credits junior status 40 processed 15 credits semester added official record um resulted university charging underclassmen tuition 2,000 upperclassmen tuition drop bucket saved money means family struggling pay bill 2,000 computer year books supplies error university 's part 'm wondering pay bill rest credits processed recharge extra 2k ? credits processed pay refresh bills check issues ? basically paying miscalculated rate keeping quiet screw future pay returned leftovers loan guys advance stressing 
9pm yesterday 't handle full workout 
university michigan amateur radio club arrow club invite public nation wide ham radio field day place saturday sunday june 25th 26th soccer field ann arbor airport 800 airport blvd ann arbor mi 2pm saturday 2pm sunday air gota station hams hand operating amateur radio station coach information tent handouts general information demonstrations educational activities assist public learning amateur radio info http www w8pgw org 
buy winter jacket gloves boots fleeces sweaters layering covered big parka type winter jacket 'm days parents responses appreciated 
completed ib math sl high school started freshman year math 105 due pretest score full honesty kind rushed didn 't write sister graduated year informed math 115 work intensive weeder 's don 't math devour soul 've find back subreddit 've indication 115 bad day 105 learned identify functions basic function notation driven switch 115 thoughts ? 
's workload survey 's weird people talk eecs 215 eecs 280 easier eecs 230 eecs 216 eecs 215 work ? eecs 215 280 exposure eecs classes generally ? talked advisor workload doesn 't workload survey 
'm due 217 425 fall phil class alongside purposes logic taught discrete math linear algebra mit 's courses eecs203 pains 'm fairly comfortable proofs 've high school geometry 'proofs past exams archived sites computational memorization based 'm wondering class divided homework sets part computational textbook problems part proof writing practice expect class ? 1 areas math proofs based ? mix analysis clever number theory kind proofs revolve linear algebra matrix theory ? 2 proof writing taught differently compared algorithm oriented proof writing ? 'm guessing 's reason classes aren 't cross listed 'm curious 3 bad honestly 're hard worker schedule full research gen eds extra curriculars happening 'm easy 16 credit courseload 3 credit urop 'm recovering health issues 't absolutely hard 


basically friend lives double west quad 's trading single north engineering student love single 'm single interested ? 
suggestion easy graduate level 400 engineering science ? ideally easy exams 
manage classes homework shite google calendar potentially relevant depending answers question ton events time people date 's ? attend talks interested career fairs stuff 
week 1 [michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 0 0 [hawaii http www espn college football team id 62 0 0 kick 12 00pm 09 03 2016 television espn preview [espn http www espn ncf preview ? gameid 400869180 

hope lost end world refused talk past 2.5 hours sun shine bright ann arbor future bright impressive recruiting class year top bowl game won 't playoffs rose bowl 

context parents town west coast weekend 've times 'll football game tailgating didn 't plan ahead hard house friends plans don 't bring frat party house party ? 
'm taking calc ii washtenaw community college working 40 hours week 'm kind struggling material don 't pass calc ii wcc michigan ? 
'm international student enrolled writing 125 angela berkley found writing placement checks assignment ? subreddit placement mixed responses subject facebook group page related specific professor photography essay greatly appreciated 
ill lead things parents move nice restaurant recommend ricks american cafe good food quick service busy good 

martial arts clubs school ? taekwondo posts mentioned karate club 
apparently michigan political union discussing merits black lives matter movement union tonight read group white kids complain blm movement attend allowed participate debate ? 
unused parking spot waste 's 5th packard spot game spot general 

long shot sugar babes wanna trip vegas pm 'm 22 white slim athletic 5 '4 attractive 'm openminded bisexual sd super generous 
unique opportunities university michigan premed students ? 3rd year student hoping involved boards join ? 
originally planning 495 practice 3d modelling time fall semester 450 professor 's teaching 495 bad rating worth senior design avoid ? 
hey guys 'm incoming freshman year lot incoming freshmen housing contracts today central campus dorms quad west quad markley 'll north bunch ? release batches contracts ? 
major hard load ? 've heard bad things mcdb 351 352 neuroscience mcdb 427 428 cmb 've classes tips ? 're honors thesis nice hear 
19 start sophomore year oakland university school chose free tuition room board problem investment banker unfeasible goal coming university 3.8 gpa completed 39 credits sophomore year upward trend grades notable classes macroecon 4.0 calculus 4.0 comp ii 4.0 lowest grade microecon 3.5 semester consistently volunteer consultant 100 hours counting gleaners community food bank detroit extracted mass amounts data food bank 's outlook calendars organized excel spreadsheets tasks work school 's bloomberg terminal computer lab good understanding functions generally understanding finance students age dcf ebitda comps run small car customization service tutor students mentor student asperger 's syndrome ross school business low acceptance rate students coming umich undergrad enhance application ? chances making cut ? give tips advice improve ? response hear dream attend ross investment banker 'm kid decided watching wolf wallstreet 
hey missed club day northfest wanted join badminton club times meet ? 
hey applied ea umich time check status application wolverine access doesn 't give status ? umich id summary term career program number remember happening ? applicants problem ? admissions decision show portal email letter ? 
ps3 working days ago 'm connect internet log psn mwireless doesn 't support gaming consoles failed expected ethernet cable 's connected laptop hooked ps3 setting connection wired connection ps3 bunch automatic stuff picked easy option failed connect internet prompted enter uniqname similar problem solution ? advance 
easy impossible friends don 't student section ? wondering bought student ticket friend doesn 't um visit game student section 's lost 
incoming freshman figure textbooks ? sift guide online syllabus area wolverine access find details ? 
love math hate proofs expect class 

've registered mac address 4 ethernet cords make cords aren 't issue success ? 
taking phil 353 rights wrongs biz semester humanities distribution credits planning taking couple work intensive courses wondering comments class similar classes work load professor guide past syllabi comments give helpful 
happened wondering common 
age 21 wanna bar hopping tonight ? turned ripe age 26 today 'm forget hahaha moved don 't people 
'm applying coe year study business decent chance ross assuming maintain good gpa ecs hard 'm ware making year pre admits make harder regular admits ? 
club ? 'm join wanted accepting mechanical engineering majors wanted day day tasks workload ? club love hear opinion 
final thought election day https www reddit donald comments 5bqin2 tom brady bill belichick officially endorse 

pm youre interested possibly train 
alright 'm incoming engineering student found ap calc ab score 5 orientation advisor kind put calc 1 didn 't calc 1 2 1 question switch schedule calc 2 ? decently easy semester math class ? hard calc 2 high school ? 31 math act give idea math skill 

hey 'm male freshman markley interested swapping west south east quad lmk interested 

lived campus great joys dining hall block waffle iron 've searched graduation find wide collection college waffle irons sale dining referred supplier deals bulk people proper licensing group person engineering creation custom waffle iron plates ? machine shop town 'd recommend ? 
fun 's huge campus lots people don 't people fun point professors restaurant staff 're place time noteworthy individuals dreadlocks guy works ugo 's north campus single time 've ricks heard week overwatch kid single day past month 's kid plays overwatch computers main floor ugli arrives 7pm stays past 1am playing overwatch 's pretty good 
central campus north campus basic things deodorant paper towels regular prices ? convenience stores larger retailers people lot nearby ? 

pm interested cheapest ticket 75 
'm state incoming freshman planning studying computer science lsa couple questions distribution credits eecs workload advice 1 graphic design courses stamps satisfy lsa requirements ? question courses school info common cs students ? 2 courses subject areas recommend exploring supplement cs education ? classes common cs students reduce workload time eecs classes ? 3 recommend picking cs skills summer freshman year ? 'm planning starting eecs 183 fall helps 4 misc advice incoming freshman ? 's appreciated 
move time lived absolute bare walls boring year nice room pleasant living space usual union basement poster fair year week generic stock image type posters fit vibe 'd literary music posters preferably vintage 've amazon etsy allposters aren 't worth money stuff 'd quotes books students design prints specific quotes give student friendly price printed awesome good ol caen benefits won 't super glossy pretty prints stores form record store liberty cool thrifty wall pieces ? websites local stores trades top choice stuff psychedelic rock comics superheroes milan kundera philosophy sagan nerdy math stuff graphic novels kurt vonnegut ton books general 
generally midterms guarantee ? 

experience class professor ? great give info thoughts class 



's student season ticket holder family 4 including seated game ? 
heads den state st massive sale adidas stuff art fair prices range 2 20 includes tshirt shorts sweatpants sweatshirts 
people applied coe ? guys subject tests ? 
lsa cs student research summer found summer undergraduate research engineering program competitive program share experiences ? undergraduate research opportunities ? 
'm research umich clean female sublet september 1st october 1st comment places 
yo guys chem chem 230 university online ? 'm student athlete schedule packed 'm push summer wanna mcdb classes deciding mcdb 422 428 405 experience recommendations ? 
'm current senior high school major sort computer science engineering related field option lsa coe recommend easier ? 
'm cse taking humanities class pass fail 300 level humanities requirement things south 's good chance fail class spending time eecs math classes lmao consequences failing class grad school recruiting ? 
'm rising sophomore 'm debating cs ee 've eecs 270 absolutely hated messed extracurriculars night work labs eecs building supervising engr 101 thought terms enjoyment 'm electrical engineering enjoyed physics high school math thought transfer 215 inputs ? ee ? workload ? workload compare eecs 280 ? 
moved ann arbor europe year master 's suggestions open account ? 
incoming freshman 'll living west quad double year haven 't posts quad post renovation curious bit pros cons list helpful edit doubles sink inside room ? 
freshman fall fine buying ordering books days class ? find books ? 'd assume syllabus 
major gpa calculated stats major ? 'm math major honors stats major departments calculation rules eecs pre major major gpa math calculates math classes physics 140 141 240 241 eecs183 's explicit mention stats departmental website 's honors stats program taking stats 280 accepted honors sophomore year 'd love process 3.4 gpa general requirements 3.5 stats gpa calculated 've eecs183 math215 3.00 average due nasty personal issues 
1 allowed change class schedule orientation ? switch class put satisfy humanities requirement advisor pretty chill don 't 'll surprised alternatively history 239 ? 2 'm waitlisted spanish 231 show class professor hey 'm waitlisted 'll care ? unsure 
counterintuitive 's heard 200 level eecs weeder 

fellow umich students 'm guys question opinions basically posted status facebook today exam umich today state post joke msu kids friends list high offense post roast back comments message telling delete post ? post offensive ? 
philosophy 183 manley ? 'm easy 2 3 credit class winter semester interesting 
'm '20 coe student 'll 's 17 credits 'm 'll 13 semester lot handle math 217 eecs 280 eecs 203 chem 125 126 130 'all 
guys lot late ordering textbooks textbooks sorted trouble textbook http www booksprice compareprice ? searchtype compare inputdata 0321785916 rent doable doesn 't code struggling find good place textbook guess 
couple friends living house south area upcoming year tips things ? side note house frat house fraternity 
wolverines linux set wpa supplicant network block mwireless ? 's attempt wpa supplicant wpa supplicant conf ctrl interface var run wpa supplicant ctrl interface group wheel update config 1 fast reauth 1 ap scan 1 network ssid mwireless scan ssid 1 network hidden key mgmt wpa eap eap peap identity myidentity password whoa password ca cert cert incommonrsaserverca crt phase1 peaplabel 0 phase2 auth mschapv2 incommon rsa server ca certificate https spaces internet2 display inccollaborate incommon +cert +types edit struggles worked network ssid mwireless scan ssid 1 network hidden key mgmt wpa eap eap peap identity uniquename password password ca cert ssl certs addtrust external root pem phase1 peaplabel auto peapver 0 phase2 auth mschapv2 [here http documentation umich content wifi manually configuring wpa2 enterprise wifi enabled devices unsupported devices recommends downloading incommon rsa server security certificate file [link http www incommon org certificates repository sha384 20intermediate 20cert txt addtrust external ca root certificate file openssl work give tls certificate verification failed error 2 unable issuer certificate depth 1 running wpa supplicant dev path config file addtrust external ca root certificate file work network configuration block post helped didn 't op https forums gentoo org viewtopic 933322 start 0 html 
'm planning english 125 semester 't find information english professors lsa guide don 't care subject write 'm pretty bad writing 'm professor doesn 't grade hard 
wanted feedback students program program big classes professors competitive low gpa program classes hard science social perspective ? student exploring major options passion environment 
textbooks cheap free wise university computers don 't expose 'll dcma 'ed advice ? 
[semester ly https umich semester ly michigan fellow wolverines find classes winter favorite class ? 
buy textbook studybook chem 210 ? prof coppola heard people textbooks basically useless classnotes good advice ? 
2 hours dorm 
hey guys 'm incoming freshman college engineering michigan schedule math 215 engr 101 physics 140 141 13 credits wondering suggestions guys 2 3 credit easy intense intellectual breadth class ling 111 interesting class fairly easy ? classes professors require attend class ? schedule fine semester 
'm 3.5 year track graduating winter year 'm coop leave winter semester upcoming year coops easier cs lot companies hire michigan time ?? 
freshman engineering cs doable ? 'm toys music processing high altitude data collection sections compare current schedule engr 101 genchem math 215 ? 
week 8 3 michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 6 0 [illinois http www espn college football team id 356 illinois fighting illini 2 4 kick 3 30 pm 10 22 2016 television btn preview [espn http www espn college football preview ? gameid 400869676 
'm enrolled lecture lab eecs 281 schedule work 't change change lab time lab times 1 2 person waitlist risk spot dropping current scheduled 281 lab track class opens enrolling ? 
friend family coming weekend 'm wondering sister friends people selling student tickets place 's 40 validate ticket students avoid bs 65 ticket ? question general admission tickets student tickets differently couldn 't ticket guys stadium ? 
've 's supposed open month 
year student 've flipping year guide lsa require math math placement test um posts 've ran people taking math year dead set majoring anthropology don 't require type calc thoughts ? 'm pretty calc ii haven 't placement test anticipating 5 4 ap ab calc exam 
class information class terms difficulty time commitment grading works ? 
'm thinking applying sugs program gpa requirement 3.2 3.19 close ? 
website end calendar year online mail ? 
explained title meals plans semester carry semester ? 

hyped michigan fall orientation aug 1 understandable concerns 1 plan taking econ 101 possibly calc 2 orgo econ major planning pre med semester ? pairing econ classes advisable ? 2 question prob death couldn 't earlier date screwed class registration times ? praying 8am classes 3 english required pre meds fywr ? 4 'm fence greek life indian american guy fraternities hostile environment purely race ? bid joke haze brutally simply kicks advice older siblings friends umich 'd excited wolverine blue 
'm renting appartment school year pack 150 parking car campus weekend groceries home occasionally rules parking random neighborhood close campus ? cheaper places renting monthly parking ? 
information experience walk football team winter ? interested team greatly appreciated 
exam north campus week class central easiest cheapest north campus timely manner ? 
'm taking american politics class struggling 's tests don 't give 's university makes difficult purpose ? school making feel dumb 

semester 'll 2nd semester freshmen year intending cs coe engr 100 physics 240 eecs 203 eecs 280 doable schedule handle edit ap physics hs 4s ap test wouldn 't learning start ap cs hs 
sigep alpha sig delta chi phi delt don 't knew avoid ? drugging assault hazing 

sound bit weird bear event wear darth vader costume ? 's pretty hot costume events night preferred 'm nightclub thing 's 's good quality costume cosplay level wore force awakens premiere lots positive feedback pictures 's high profile costume prop lightsaber events fake weapons 's 's real lightsaber ? preferred ideas ? relevant info 
hey taking eecs 301 semester professor doesn 't give practice exams asked touch advisor knew class hits didn 't outlets umich redditors eecs 301 exams taking meerkov exam pm whichever prefer 
umich majors curious job placement big companies valley google apple facebook umich grads favored companies stay cali ? 
live northern indiana visit ann arbor makes sense explore interested user centered design applies information processes words analyzing information flows hospital utilizes patient information profit understanding donations tracked making recommendations efficient management placement statistics pdf school website lot user experiences designers data analysts people work libraries move phd interest web designer analyzing traffic company 's website designing app people order food midnight question types careers school produces smattering interests ? 's big investment state learn 
'm taking chem 130 econ 101 eecs 215 eecs 280 
didn 't realize design engineering experience class existed yesterday 'm thinking possibly taking fall freshman year orientation week thought 'd guys insight class assume fairly easy good cushion gpa 's information pointless lot time consuming assignments love 
hey guys 'm sophomore year 'm environment earth science type class 'm signed environ232 teacher hasn 't great reviews online intro environment class covered aoss class 'm 3 credit class fill schedule won 't major find subject interesting 
required freshmen ? umich irritating live campus meal plan thing ? 
stretch unique program snre umich 'm interested applying experience 's curriculum practicality career prospects ? [link program site http www snre umich degrees masters environmental informatics overview 
wake fuck gameday whos game day playlists ? drop link playlist thread 
'll level ann arbor buy pot problem don 't shady interested comments advice immediately relevant pm 'm verify 

campus visit felt needed hear tour guide don 't michigan sets schools ? clubs orgs super chill fun ? student activities people ? feel campus general ? michigan ? advice deciding university ? interesting unique things schools ? information answers give great 'm 
hey guys incoming freshman 've heavily djing music production past year wondering insight scene umich opportunities spin frats ? local clubs ? house parties ? insight helpful 

turning 20 weeks 20th birthday 20 volunteering activities university employed math 115 116 tutor year quit working job due busy junior year interested extra ? 
option programming experience involves java class easier terms class load difficulty ? 

curious 406 biomechanics 311 strength materials stuck tech elective interest pros cons class ? 
shirts navy michigan white letters front ross school business maize letters find mden generic um business shirts ross orientation 
fraternity planning throwing party dance competition 's happening november 11th problem haven 't club officially booked millenium cancelled suggestions clubs ann arbor 'd work ? cost significant factor 're spend 1200 book club friday night 
tuition due date september 21 pay full ? financial aid pays leaves 3,000 dollars uncovered don 't kind money school remove classes ? ? 
edit vagueness guys pretty wondering hang friends tv 

? thoughts workload usefulness material ? 
'm bursley 2 morning fire alarm street rain didn 't smoke fire guys smelled ? edit aaaaannnd 's 20 minutes 2 wtf 
high schooler 'm applying um good high schoolers interested industrial engineering explain um 's program great sets programs ga tech usc penn state va tech blue 
hey 'm interested properties lived experience living place don 't live late housing search 'm make mistake interested experiences renting ann arbor details nice price rent amenities cool maintenance distance diag 
people begin places school year wanted warn properties owned zaki alawi michigan rental 've lived campus areas 4 years understand landlords pain zaki alawi level maintain property clean moved refused make basic repairs return security deposit result google search zaki alawi michigan rental link law firm 's cases involving things harassing tenants failing records taking care black mold property failing return security deposits failing notify tenants hazardous materials lead asbestos repeat sign lease zaki alawi maintain property money respect property 

incoming freshman received roommate information days ago email facebook social media receive sort response 's 'm starting nervous 'm figure stuff buy bring room versus roommate bringing advice ? 
hey 'm part entrepreneurial class project semester host music event lead open mic end hoping bands open wondering part band bands reach ? obliged 
stats 3.9 gpa weighted 4.0 top 16 class 500 kids test scores act c28 e28 m27 r31 s24 kind sucks lol workload 'll 7 ap classes time graduate apush ap chem ap comp ap french ap stats ap lit ap gov 10 honors classes weighted 10 language credits 6 years french tested 1 credit 3 years german 1 year spanish ec 2 years jv tennis add freshmen sophomore year 3 years varsity ski team president french club grades 10 12 people people student abroad program australia culture abroad program japan piano 9 years nhs freshmen orientation leader awards university michigan german day awards speaking art state competition bunch excellent performance awards languages work french language tutor years idk guess pretty accomplished paper ? 'm interesting 
email auditions educational theatre company wondering experience involved theatre high school love continue website doesn 't give lot information organization insight greatly appreciated 
'm verge failing easiest likelihood classes pretty solid majority ? hard worker attend class time procrastinate work hard 's hard gurantee umich surely classes pretty juch suggestions ? 's 've humanities easier quantitative classes involve calculations math amcult 100 loved ap psych high school numbers numbers 300 400 levels koofers list number koofers accurate terms grading distributions ? psychology 352 language development numbers changed heard 100 class true ? psycholgy 120 121 beginning psych seminars heard exam writing 12 credits possibly option taking 13 14 credits easy 1 2 credit classes esp humanities departments ? candidates psych 447 topics clinical psych ? amcult 103 professor section ? aas african american studies classes easy ? afro interested aas stuff earth classes easy ? history section classes ? astro classes easy ? easy science long 's memorization quantitative intro earth science stuff ? asian 258 love asian food asian 251 ? history 247 easy histories grading good ? history 247 psych 112 easy ? curve straight scale ? heard open book exams psych 380 social psych moved 200 level topics social psych 400 level ? psych 418 mann heard good emiritus professor classes good ? exams easy ? heard writing assignments psych 457 topics dev psych ? 70 ? section ? continued polisci easy ? heard pretty hard looked amcult hard grading distributions aren 't friendly koofers myedu grading distributuions blackboard thing grades don 't show classes easy professor recommendations distribution isn 't listed professor good easy fair grader crazy curve predictive decent class 'm guy women 's study classes easy easier women ? communications classes easy involve project speech ? 'm check easy history comm area studies sort american studies grading easy long show class hw 'm pretty guaranteed crazy competition premeds people mess curves classes athletes good grades lot training ? statements general offensive intended offend offended apologize message privately 're offended apologize deeply bottom heart blue fellow wolverine sinking stay afloat 
'm high school senior visit umich weekend flight booked 't find priced hotel nearby wondering options offer place stay ? 'm pay stay 2 nights 10 1 10 3 
senior class fulfill tech elective requirement 300 level engineering math class suggestions ? 
planning part time semester don 't credits friend part time lose privileges full time students true ? 
move date assigned ? move day earlier roommate assigned day earlier ? 
'm transferring michigan lack kind resources counselor 'm accepted hope interest losing semester college classes semester satisfy michigan 's core curriculum gen eds 're called classes graduate major credits aware 4 semesters foreign language ? thing give list base classes requirements needed graduate greatly 't find lsa website 
hey guys 'm incoming freshman coe schedule year gonna engr 101 4 creds math 215 4 creds physics 140 141 5 creds psych 111 4 creds guys opinions schedule 
? 'm moving aug 31 auto order didn 't cancel time august 30 similar 
football hype organized students gather watch games 
specifically tutor quant material consistently score average practice tests diagnostic tests understanding mastering core concepts 
'm move annarbor sublease internship curious craigslist find roommate situation ? postings legit ? places students live ann arbor ypsilanti area ? don 't alot cash flow 500 month don 't care buses cuz car hesitant move people craigslist detroit big nono guys ? advice appreciated 
'm trouble website 't contact working problems ? 
hey guys experience astro 142 ? interesting ? difficult ? calculus math intensive ? 
compare ? math majors stuck 217 majoring math versions compare ? 214 417 easier options 'm details xxx easier important material omitted versions ? 
've heard sorts warnings projects lining life coding 24 7 wanted time 1 hard heavy workload combination ? 2 recommend 281 370 ? 
'm transferring umich junior fall hardest thing find entire classes fit schedule 've eecs 215 280 selected 'm find 4 credits 12 advance search wa find discussion sections fit schedule lecture completely day time tools searching classes talk advisor ? 
career related cse cla ? 
've heard professors aren 't great 's study focus ? 
class berridge ? class general ? easy hard ? 
'm talking calc ii fall working integration past weeks bit head start 've math 116 advice preparation ? brushed prior class chance back ? 
ann arbor places michigan ? info advice great 
wilson artdes 195 mini ashcom artdes 196 mini experience ? 'm engineering major pick easy mini love work hands fun 

yesterday late night engaged religious experience pizza house cheesy bread wondering 's favorite pizza house order late night drunk food aa ? 
made post detroit suggested post background info toronto area lived essentially life 'll make short 'm interviewing umich dds program appears 's ann arbor 's close detroit 've research school great 'm 'studying location surrounding areas info 'd share dds program school life 'd 'm toronto area 'm wondering town ? safe plenty things general life toronto comparisons lot 
11 credits high school transferred 'm taking 12 credits semester credits count degree ? emailed advisor thursday hasn 't replied theory 'll 23 credits end semester ? question stupid 
wolverines exam coming wondering guys tips suggestions exam past exams lecture slides posted online 
stupid question yeah 
'm semester sophomore semester schedule semester ? eecs 216 eecs 270 eecs 312 eecs 320 mdp 2cr 


computer engineering student advisor suggesting delay taking 281 junior year terms internships summer work critical 281 asap ? class lot recruiters ? advisor suggesting wait till fall junior year class lot peers sophomore year 'm weigh pros cons option 

club basketball im basketball share thoughts 
application deadline semester winter 2017 closed october 1st response ? applied lsa state transfer student community college associate 's degree received marked complete 29th september application stories answer questions give comfort stressful wait 
don 't hear religious drink attending parties 's lot drinking recommend weekend ? 
'm oos student ship stuff um driving shipping service options guys recommend ? um store belongings prior move ? 
social fraternities secondary emphasis professional things interviews primarily focused business couple added social things make appealing prospective people ? thx 

curving past years meant 5 curve 10 curve figure 'm 'll pass class grade sitting low 60 's 
visiting ann arbor september football game wolverines ucf knights ive ann arbor figured advice places check bars college bars expect gameday good area tailgate 
hey title options 1 bachelors degrees economics comp sci easily complete 4 years meaning 'll graduate degrees time 2 sgus sugs cs bachelors masters 5 years year option finish sgus 5 years simply wanted fellow wolverines opinions fields econ cs equally manage choice terms lucrativeness prestige utility ? 


post favorite organizations write organization member students join shoutout thezachster idea 
's ? 
hey ya 'll heard people trouble photoshopped student id 's things nature checking id 's days ? mcard 's expired month year student ticket validated risk ? 
've heard 216 easier compared 215 calc 3 class high school class easy tests pretty basic 215 case ? 
wanted feedback stats classes higher elective classes people ? classes easy hard advice appreciated 
chapters covered head start class 


'm incoming freshman thinking applying ross year econ 101 prerequisite application 've set classes semester kids fall don 't drop class return books 've ordered matter winter semester fall ? class winter fine application ? 
https www memrey close releasing app business wanted share early preview people reddit app isn 't ready major advertising month soo diag table advertising memrey month made app working years intend start business made app found app suits depend memrey everyday work projects app exists memrey 's unique design organize information important life evernote app ways opinion app notes inline helps understand context don 't notes column view note time hard describe check demo app built realtime collaboration refresh page automatically update based current information don 't create account click button login demo account don 't afraid store important class notes memrey database hosted ibm hourly backups loose data memrey running 24 7 don 't worry taking site host reliable infrastructure 99.9 uptime backup notepad clicking print notepad option saving entire notepad clean simple html depend app personally memrey 100 uptime data encrypted wire ssl https professional developer things correctly depend memrey app check understand perfect students people app daily questions starting business advertising campus feedback appreciated feedback constantly make app checking https www memrey 
'm sophomore electrical engineering student credit intellectual breadth class semester preferably easy suggestions ? 

title asks start swimming exercise wondering busy times 
hey 'm lsa cs hear eecs classes found interesting knowing difficult nice scheduling purposes 16 credits ulcs feedback advice 

recently reactivated facebook official michigan law school list education ? unofficial 
sign winter idk 
registered iclicker chem astro found iclicker listed iclicker registered ? 
'm buying clothes winter buy winter coat voots recommended brands work michigan winter reasonable price ranges ? canada goose answer im guy btw 
experience taking russian 101 credits background experience ? demanding interesting ? 
'm kinda nervous math 215 lab 's presentations participation grade ? give honest effort close gonna participation points ? gsi kind unclear 
day tomorrow discussion lecture classes don 't works discussion class tomorrow lecture class isn 't wednesday ? show hour wait class discussion class 

curious decision made app marked complete 10 2 wanted good time frame expect answer 
time 's fansided created fandom250 compares fan bases sports entertainment michigan football nominated 'll releasing rankings december 6th 're encouraging base state case 's hear michigan football ranked fan base sports entertainment ? note post approved moderators 
girls ??? 
freshman planning majoring physics astrophysics deciding 240 260 physics class semester heard 240 weeder class engineering students 's difficult 'm taking 160 difficult 260 's honors version insight courses ? 
'm lsa 'm taking math 215 physics 240 si 110 semester averaging class semester planning eecs 183 fyw class semester high school merits common app ? 
dorms xfinity campus tv laptops issues lagging skipping watching live tv ? matter browser chrome firefox safari video choppy isn 't network speed computer hardwired wall fast speeds wondering run similar issues fix 
row number 40 's chances mozy row 15 football game ? 
'm courses semester 've heard astronomy classes fun easy good rest schedule 's wicked tough don 't basic background natural sciences intro astro courses experiences ? main differences ? 
'm incoming freshman wondering recommended classes pursue comp sci major credit calc 2 ap tests wondering transferring lsa coe worth appreciated 
title semester ? wait eecs 280 203 semester ? 
guys 'm taking eecs 203 bit material struggling grasp concepts details depicted proofs guys explicit suggestions tip quality studying class ? detail 
've xcode programming assignments 280 281 heard 't xcode eecs 482 true ? visual studio ides eclipse ? greatly responses ide debugger 
hit details 
'm cs major lsa 's interested ux design software development bsi option difficult ? acceptance rates released ? 'm anxious gpa lower range 3.0 don 't tech related internships work experience built projects advice appreciated 
learn matlab skills class semester class ? checked guide don 't engineering 101 
taking math 115 uofm decently good calculus high school difficult time survived excelled math 115 advice ? 

difficult spanish 230 ? 'm thinking taking finish language requirement spring semester umich study abroad experience class study abroad share ? 
hoping insight engineering 100 section 250 microprocessors toys section 850 wireless communication design class taking engineering 101 semester interested programming figured classes learn subject area research strictly matlab don 't selling short possibly finding engineering field interested interested biomedical engineering started classes haven 't pursued related section 500 biotechnology ? comments classes appreciated 
hey 'm visiting miami fact coldest weather 'm year 'm ticket preferably student saturday 's game penn state haggle talk feel free send pm 
textbook stats 403 buy ? save money bob keener instructor 
bottles enjoy pay premium pm edit pay 15 top beer costs pls guys 'm lonely alcohol 
dropped class weeks ago 'm enrolled canvas emails update 've checked 'm enrolled class anymore wolverine access stop emails class ? 
difference classes ? similar ? 
hey guys 'm senior 'm super worried umich dream school applied early action 'm playing excruciating waiting game hear back wanted honestly chances hope start options helps applied lsa super competitive engineering 32 act 3.7 uw gpa 4.0 weighted sounds weak 's weirdly elective classes freshmen year forced classes filled fast simply adjusting high school upward grade trend starting sophomore year continuing senior year knock wood semester 's ib diploma student years ap ib classes maintained 's thought essays pretty strong unique michigan school recs michigan alum father professor amount rigor classes gpa ? heard accepted ea 3.7 recent years competitive ? lenient early action candidates ? give straight 
doable workload ? 
thinking taking classes semester doable ? drop classes add humanities ? 
hey yall wondering set work fall im incoming freshman im taking chem 130 125 lab soc 102 writing 100 bio 130 
reference compare eecs 215 ? 
salvation army open today ? checked online hours change labor day 
sell household items ? craigslist specific facebook groups sell students ? sell couch bookcases kicking stand martial arts boxing pots pans 
wanna people math 520 math 523 fall semester math 521 math 524 winter semester ? challenging classes ? categorize classes uofm rubric 1 spend lot time understand topic good grade 2 spend lot time understand topic bad grade 3 spend lot time understand decent grade 4 spend lot time understand bad grade 5 spend hours subject understand amazing grade rare umich math 6 classes mentioned actuarial math majors rate classes rubric provided ? answers 

hoped schedule orientation aug 1 chem 210 chem 211 5 credits eng 125 4 credits econ 101 4 credits uc 105 2 credits required hssp plan applying ross pre med orgo good thoughts good schedule freshman year ? 
choices bothner thomas joachim smirnov ilya fink nadiya slomka boaz avraham green paul eric 
wanna share experience class ? lot class time difficulty interest level ? 
'm visiting campus summer 'm spending night place parking don 't pay ideas ? 
missed festifall week wondering find clubs 'm interested joining 
'm prospective international grad school student due personal reason late apply campus housing north campus reassign contract share bedroom contact campus housing fine amissinsoul gmail 
'm thinking living baker op year start grad school lived ? close people hoping expand social circle ? 
hey ride concert tomorrow friend gave ticket don 't drive couldn 't find public transportation leaves suitable time pay gas parking 
woke today wired internet isn 't working wondering 's 's wired internet 
commitment mine easier lecture lectures week words 'd larose 's lectures week 's lectures week ? understand perfect world cover exact material pace level don 't 's case personal experience nice doesn 't math 216 215 set yeah people successful lecture 'm people lectures 
'm deciding schedule semester taking eecs 281 eecs 270 stats 412 'm terrible schedule semester planning adding easy 300 level humanities adding techcom 300 advisable speak work involved ? 
enrolled stats 412 upcoming semester tue thur 2 30 4 00pm lecture stats 412 002 stats 412 003 mon thur 8 30 10 00am number time conflicts classes reached stats office suggested find enrolled 003 section interested switching classes means pass wait list 're interested don 't hesitate contact 
'm meeting friend game today 're taking separate shuttles gate ? 't find info page 
lsa guide note add wait list priority actuarial financial math majors computer science engineering major minor math class hard ? restricted fall ? 
hey letting applications open 2016 2017 engineering commerce case competition engcomm competition pits teams 4 students universities world gruelling weeklong competition participants business engineering faculties work 3 cases 2x6 hours 1x12 hours present findings panel judges scoring teams 3 cases present case time engcomm board directors selection winners competition hosted concordia university beautiful montreal canada february 28th march 4th 2017 ll staying world class hotel heart downtown montreal close bars restaurants advantage montreal infamous nightlife engcomm biggest international undergraduate case competition caters faculties business engineering week long competition challenges students real world issues typically provided sponsors competition platform collaborate students faculty opportunity show prospective employers information apply check website www engcomm ca engcomm 
hey guys accepted lsa ann arbor winter intention declaring major comp sci earliest ? searching found required good grades 4 courses ? study arts 
uofm 7 buddies flying friday 23rd um psu game rented house mile big house suggestions tailgating 40 's huge cfb fans suggestions tailgating night greatly appreciated 't wait finally big house cfb michigan style 
've searched subreddit found pretty solid information hall curious add regard couzens hall single fall 
's place aa buy decent bike cheap reasonable price ? bike locks good ? 
uofm coming monday december 5th study hall lounge hosting aa 's smash bros melee bar tournament 'll bar smash plenty setups tournament casual play sick stream setup 'll broadcasting twitch tv +lit commentary skill levels totally 'll 5 buy bracket 's totally free hang play friendlies free side event players 's time interest 're interested smash hanging chill fun community check questions concerns feel free hit comments pm fb event page https www facebook events 851484138326894 
nestle waters north america 's plans increase michigan groundwater withdrawal 2 1 2 times unravel accord reached environmentalists years ago aimed protecting water table wildlife http www freep story news local michigan 2016 11 20 nestl bottled water company seeks michigan water 93175144 direct contact exact issue deq eh michigan gov http www michigan gov deq 0,4561,7 135 396969 00 html michigan department environmental quality mdeq today extended public comment period additional 30 days nestl waters north america evart osceola county proposed increased large quantity water withdrawal made section 17 michigan safe drinking water act 1976 pa 399 comments accepted december 3 2016 
difficult physics 390 391 ? 'm minor physics taking winter semester eecs major senior year 'm eecs 381 time 'm aware reputation eecs 381 extremely time consuming eecs 281 'm prepared begin projects immediately physics 390 391 time consuming ? 
hey guys im international student 'm staying thanksgiving break friends home loss don 't wanna spend 4 days feeling lonely guys suggest ? activities campus part ? 
looked websites school grad student stuff stuck 7 person apartment 876 dollars month shitty deal pay ? http www housing umich billing grad rates 
haven 't found 't plants imagine problems people allergies rules ? 
belong specific people ? run doors ? studying door sucks 
're set move september 4th 's huge problem 'd miss week football game wasn 't official cribspot fellows back promised move september 1st guess leverage 
eecs 311 312 ? share experiences classes difficulty interest level ? 'm computer engineering student eecs elective 
'm soph classes left intended semesters major reqs 217 w17 425 w17 423 f17 stats 426 f17 216 w18 451 w18 472 f18 525 f18 526 w19 plan add cs minor eecs203 280 spring term 2017 remaining classes fit eecs 281 ? tldr upper level math class es easiest smallest workload eecs 281 ? 
eeb 399 experimental design ? wondering class difficulty workload insight 
transferred junior semester days enjoying ann arbor people 'm finding don 't lot prerequisites screwed transfer eecs 280 semester classes aren 't difficult met advisor today basically talk professors semester 'll 're instructors great experience research eecs department ? 'm totally cool cold emailing professors independent study idea types projects people past 'm scoffed wouldn 't give credit kind clubs exist active programming ? [this page https www eecs umich eecs students student organizations html 's pretty short list consists vaguely titled organizations advice appreciated 
specifically engineering career fair backpack check place put backpacks talking companies ? 

hey 'm freshman um classes wanted semester 's open students sophomore standing class standing page sophomore 25 54 credits credits semester ap credits high school give 25 credits sophomore standing ? apply freshman ? greatly appreciated 

hey guys 'm graduating end year late transfer lsa 've landed semester 7 credits remaining cover social science distribution 'm focus classes pass fail recommendations classes minimal workload ? 
planning taking eecs 388 482 semester told good load wrong ? courses alongside ? majoring cs eng school tc 300 300 level humanities 

'm freshman umich matter hard 't make solid friends thought college gonna fresh start coming state fairly outgoing guy introduce people orientation week left door open attempt social outreach acquantainces likes invite bunch phone numbers snapchats likes invite parties group slipped drinking girls kinda weird fear blackballed 're visibly excited anymore don 't parties outgoing end day likes front social fate sealed 'm fucking loser focus work high school good college couldn 't manage top 20 school 'm mich point moot football game talking surrounded people attractive people ny fl ca hot blondes big muscley dudes naturally talking start convo superficial luck sucks things 's point kill waste parents money unhappy hard meet people week ? bias average height brown guys ? matter people lie give contacts invites wanted fun week 'll chance classes start don 't 'm putting effort befriending people 
private study rooms tv computer reserve ? apparently 't reserve ross rooms 'm ross student 

incoming freshman 've markley means find make dorm space 'm decide lofting bed half loft lofting give floor space don 't enjoy ladder bed guys ? 
bought orange parking permit park car school year letter park 48 consecutive hours subject enforcement action including impoundment worry park baits lot move car days ? 
guys current freshman engineering student transfer lsa semester exploring majors curious economics major technical academy engineering high school classes subjects enjoyed economics biology fields interested econ students liking major ? hard 

president mark schlissel emailed members university community days tuesday election people community experienced hateful attacks individual level members groups leaders campus speak behaviors express hopes moving forward threatening message painted rock campus student walking campus threatened lighted fire wore hajib student left apartment class found swastika message telling home students shouted accused racist political views emotions high political spectrum hope members community agree stand silent facing expressions bigotry discrimination hate part national political discourse speaking personal attacks hate threats move discussions campus nation reach full potential seek suppress political speech ongoing debate key issues reject hate bigotry provide personal support people widely varying ideologies expressed idea confident represents ideals vast majority community additionally members community asked resources report address episodes bias hate campus community difficult time 
'm make day trip ann arbor monday pretty ? 've city couple times dragged tacos check campus special places check ? 's close move week activities check ? 
'm bring 32 37 tv don 't 'm van duren hall bursley 'm open size bring 37 resolution bringing ps4 wii 37 tempting plan half loft bed 'm roommate leave bed room 11 14 ideas tv placement ? prop umich furniture buy stand ? 
room option due roommates constant commotion noise music greatly suggestions 
wanna message couple questions 
hear umich pretty good super smash bros scene 've learning melee summer find people play weeklies union wondering places smashers hang dorm rooms plan buying setup room case meet smashers hall smash club meets frequently ? place find setup bring ? guys 

olympic lifting club campus ? campus rec centers facilities oly lifting ? 
idk place north campus housing semester post craigslist http annarbor craigslist org 5899550400 html 
idea professor upload practice exams awesome previously class share start practicing 
grading orgo 2 work end ? past exam averages low 60s 've heard significantly lower typically pack section grading touch anecdotal info 
hey guys freshman finalizing courses semester thinking taking engineering 101 math 216 211 235 15 credits taking 3 engineering courses math unmanageable ? counselor recommend taking technical hard convince put closer graduation don 't intellectual breadth courses 300 level humanities saving graduate 3.5 years save money greatly appreciated edit advise don 't 235 guys recommend taking 12 credits taking random class ? problem interested business don 't taking business class easier lot recommending graduating early lot ap credit taking classes semester taking intellectual breadth courses don 't fun ? 
hey rising sophomore couple days back michigan sophomore year excited back nervous 't put finger nervous great freshman year reason super nervous home michigan 's summers long subconsciously feel school time ? 'm unusual nervous sophomore year ? 
week 12 3 michigan http espn college football team id 130 michigan wolverines 9 1 [indiana http www espn college football team id 84 indiana hoosiers 5 5 kick 3 30 pm 11 19 2016 television espn preview [espn http www espn college football preview ? gameid 400869695 
ridiculous question guys meet woman umich ? 'm spend time north campus cs student fun clubs 's easy meet cool people ? 
experience classes ? deciding 
hey wolverines noticed aren 't posts pokemon ann arbor subreddit thought 'd give cents 've noticed pokemon squirtles squirtles scattered ann arbor 've caught couple arb walking river 'd squirtles division main street general area 've caught iorio 's beer grotto close tripper 's alley 's worth catch wartortle front walgreen 's state 'd squirtles concentrated kerrytown side ann arbor lickitung haven 't personally caught 've heard lickitungs spawn parking lot fuller park pool north central 's popped radar couple times 've biked reason spawns albeit irregularly pop north occasionally jynx ann arbor full jynx couldn 't cool 10km egg pokemon scyther ? caught majority mine williams liberty 've caught nickel 's arcade ton area mani 's tauros jynx extend main street kabuto 't confirmed 've caught kabutos liberty division liberty plaza front bar louie kabutos reliable spawn caught omanyte suvai palace charmander west park west park 2.5 3.5 charmander spawn hour 's pretty reliable spawn interesting pokemon couple good eevees voltorbs field front medical school front couzens lot voltorbs general pokemon distributions places diag recommend diag hunt interesting pokemon lot lures front chem building diag basically pidgeys weedles rattatas awhile interesting pop lure bulbasaur squirtle magnemite 's diag place power level hoard stardust catching large numbers pidgeys rattatas kerrytown downtown area 've bulk pokemon catching basically division main street shellders horseas seels gastlys tauros jynxes occasional slowpokes oddishes squritles nidoran male experience bellsprouts ton drowzees aware pokemon area drowzee feel 's super consistent couple days ago basically drowzees nights catch good amount gastlys seels shellders squirtles 've heard crazy good things pop kerrytown lapras snorlax good pokemon occasionally arb sigh arb 's pretty disappointing experience thought variety river wrong 's note occasional squirtle slowpoke found connection pretty weak walk hours finding good wouldn 't recommend arb medical school solid amount voltorbs consistently west park reliable charmander spawn good amount eevees bellsprouts nidorans female thought good break usual pokemon distribution kerrytown pond front music school moving north campus pond front music school hosts pretty good variety water type pokemon 've couple staryus handful poliwhirls couple slowpokes goldeens 's bit small don 't expect pokemon appearing enjoy popping awhile fountain front phoenix building home couple water pokemon lot 's nice sit steps close road connect mwireless play north campus diag 's fenced 's hard 've heard ponyta spawn special 're coming orientation signed late orientation date play pokemon night make friends meet people nice 've lot orientees streets night 's cool meet people suggestions suggest diag 's pretty boring recommend kerrytown 's decent variety pokemon mass amounts drowzee walk hunt pokemon check shops kind restaurant scene ann arbor offer good place hill medical school area pokemon interesting diag chances explore hill orientation stuck east quad diag orientation 'd recommend taking bus north 's stay bus entire time back cc register egg distance 're bus due constant stopping starting catch pokemon ride 've caught lot eevees northwood bus cool big michigan northwood drive 40 minutes back cc 's easy hatch eggs catch pokemon safe ann arbor dangerous town country wary cautious travel group 's 've tips advice corrections 'm 'll 'm expert game comment blue 


letting address 1 [amazon prime free http www amazon gp student signup info ? utf8 refcust 4abec2aw3sbzezqa6t54a35uxi ref type generic 2 spotify 5 https www spotify student amazon deal set credit card isn 't charged months account prime membership continue left hand side apple 200 macbooks adobe pretty good deals college students 



matters professor derksen low class 's midterm 's pretty impossible pull syllabus states historical grade distributions current grade distribution account determining letter grade scale past idea scale ? 
bio 207 ? great share experience difficulty class 
ctn ann arbor community access station produces television show ann arbor shield aims create dialogue public ann arbor police department developing series episodes explore topic law enforcement race 2016 part simulated law enforcement training scenario participants experience virtual police training exercise washtenaw community college december part panel discussion ann arbor police minority groups recorded january 1 1.5 hours guests recommended 20 30 minutes show time prefer guests participate parts hope discussion participant opportunity talk experience intention listening open heart aim change minds express truth bring dialogue place discover underlying share participate voice part series contact melissa cohn bondy mbondy a2gov org 734.794 6150 ext 41504 inquiries schedule guest 
interested students aced math 116 stats 250 explain math 116 stats 250 content large groups students knack teaching peers vibrant engaging personality reliable punctual professional mode operating balance job 's demanding work load interested send message account 
'm senior classes eecs 496 tech comm 497 totally 12 credits 've heard 494 lot work fine wanted sense classes pair 
3 4 credit class easy 
hey um people jared campus ambassador lyft love extend free 50 credit uofm people haven ride simply download lyft add coupon code jglyft4free payments section ride leftover credits roll 
upper level cs quick googling takes 2 year thread read syllabus upper level cs courses interesting ulcs 've ? professor suggestions 'm 445 wiens opinions fall term 
university michigan subreddit guys champion chariot aka guys ride ridiculous [gameday https www reddit uofm comments 3k52kr check sidehack roommate bicycle saturday 3 home games left wanted give big picture [shotgunned beer http imgur xvpzrg5 jpg [rode http imgur da8pqqy jpg chariot football seasons sadly graduating 3 home games home games students riding bike kickoff hoover home games maryland indiana social media things kind suck updating graduating happy pictures tag thechampionschariot [instagram https www instagram thechampionschariot people met aren great taking pictures case missed flag season complete [screaming jim harbaugh http imgur 11hsclv jpg met football seasons forever blue hope put smile face gameday 
telehealth research study evaluating evidence based cognitive behavioral therapy treatments depression join study receive study therapy trained study clinicians online phone information telehealth research study follow link http cbits squarespace studies telehealth eligible telehealth research study fill online questionnaire https redcap nubic northwestern redcap surveys ? dwt2hjgztk 
've played french horn hobby years 'm trouble finding music group campus fits geared music majors groups meet week horn player ? 
pm selling work 
tomorrow monday afternoon night comment pm 
hey guys posted back 'm graduating leaving country month backstock [these shirts http imgur sjmgn9z jpg rid [short sleeve navy http imgur a3pdalm jpg 20 small mediums left size printed 12 1 [long sleeve maize http imgur kegqlh3 jpg 30 preorder upfront payment [available 12 1 http imgur llle2jx jpg venmo cash check pms occasionally email maynarde umich 
hey guys didn 't club bandwagon early part club don 't friends residence hall 'm lonely time 'm country back home december day harder live clubs accepting members make friends ? 'm interested things computers technology reading lots tv shows silicon valley tbbt friends make friends 
hey wolverines places offered semester abroad questions im torn 'cgis university study south korea yonsei university seoul 'cgis university study ireland university college dublin 'cgis university study china university macau 'cgis study abroad scandinavia dis copenhagen denmark places studies ? expect rigorous academic experience ? 
wondering knew planned protests ann arbor election candle light vigil bit joke 
'm applying umich engineering major applying ross freshman year common thing ? increase odds 
words good restaurants intents purposes affordable a2 ? 
classes fulfill social sciences humanities credit ? couldn 't find scrounging lsa guide 
2017 winter spring summer guides check spring term eecs 281 eecs courses checked past spring terms 2017 gonna update final listing ?? 

greek life members rushed encouragement older friends basically cut mid rush fraternity zeta psi guys aren 't choice zeta psi 's reputation ? 
basically 'm state 3.62 uw gpa 3.84 gpa 34 act pretty good ec 's applying ls chance ? chanceme exists people process admissions 
